---
uid: DataMinerExtensionModules
description: DxMs are modules that expand the core DataMiner software with additional capabilities. They do not require a DMA reboot for (un)installation/upgrades.
---

# DataMiner Extension Modules (DxMs)

A DataMiner Extension Module (DxM) is a service that can be installed, upgraded, and uninstalled without the need to reboot the DataMiner Agent. These modules will expand the core DataMiner software with additional features and capabilities. In most cases, DxMs will be backwards-compatible with all supported core DataMiner versions. However, this may not be possible in some cases, and then a minimum core DataMiner version will be indicated.

Some DxMs are considered core modules created using the DxM technology. These are known as "DcMs" (DataMiner Core Modules). DcMs are treated differently from DxMs during upgrades and are part of the DataMiner installer starting from DataMiner 10.3.7. While DxMs are only updated if they have already been installed, DcMs will always be installed or updated with an upgrade.

DxMs depend on a minimum version of the core software. This is indicated in the Admin app. When you install updates, the latest compatible update will be automatically selected.

## Packs

For ease of installation, DxMs may be packaged together in a pack, such as the [Cloud Pack](xref:DataMiner_Cloud_Pack). These packs allow users to install several DxMs at once.

## Available DcMs

### APIGateway

The APIGateway module is the endpoint for the gRPC communication with a DataMiner Agent.

From DataMiner 10.4.0/10.4.2 onwards<!--RN 37734 + 36575-->, DataMiner modules can register with APIGateway. All modules registered with APIGateway are displayed under `https://[Your DMA]/APIGateway/api/version`, showing the following properties:

- Name
- Version
- Endpoint on which they can be accessed via APIGateway (proxy modules only)

### ArtifactDeployer

The ArtifactDeployer module is responsible for allowing users to deploy different DataMiner artifacts towards their system. An example of a feature that uses this module is the [deployment of connectors from within the Catalog](xref:Deploying_a_catalog_item).

This DxM is included in DataMiner upgrade packages from DataMiner 10.3.7/10.4.0 onwards.<!-- RN 36085 -->

### CoreGateway

The CoreGateway module is responsible for translating requests from other modules into requests towards the DataMiner System. This ensures backwards compatibility with different DataMiner versions.

This DxM is included in DataMiner upgrade packages from DataMiner 10.3.7/10.4.0 onwards.<!-- RN 36085 -->

### FieldControl

The FieldControl module is responsible for handling incoming requests from dataminer.services. For example, such a request could come from the [DataMiner Teams Bot](xref:DataMiner_Teams_bot) when a user asks it to retrieve the alarms from the system.

This DxM is included in DataMiner upgrade packages from DataMiner 10.3.7/10.4.0 onwards.<!-- RN 36085 -->

### GQI

The GQI module is responsible for handling [GQI queries](xref:About_GQI). See [GQI DxM](xref:GQI_DxM).

A preview version of this DxM is included in DataMiner upgrade packages from DataMiner 10.5.2/10.5.0 onwards and web-only upgrade packages from 10.5.2 onwards.<!-- RN 41811 --> From DataMiner 10.5.0 [CU1]/10.5.4 onwards, the DxM is fully supported.

### Orchestrator

The Orchestrator module is responsible for management and upgrades of DxMs through the [Admin app](xref:Managing_cloud-connected_nodes).

This DxM is included in DataMiner upgrade packages from DataMiner 10.3.7/10.4.0 onwards.<!-- RN 36085 -->

### StorageModule

The StorageModule DcM is responsible for the storage of element configuration data.

### SupportAssistant

The SupportAssistant module is responsible for features allowing Skyline Communications to provide better and faster support.

This DxM is included in DataMiner upgrade packages from DataMiner 10.3.7/10.4.0 onwards.<!-- RN 36085 -->

From version 1.3.1 of the DataMiner SupportAssistant module onwards, this DxM also takes care of [offloading reports and notifications](xref:Disable_Offloading_Reports_and_Notifications) generated by SLWatchDog to dataminer.services to improve the maintenance and support experience.

### UserDefinableApiEndpoint

The UserDefinableApiEndpoint module is responsible for handling API triggers for DataMiner User-Defined APIs. See [DataMiner UserDefinableApiEndpoint DxM](xref:UD_APIs_UserDefinableApiEndpoint).

### Web

The Web module provides back-end services for the DataMiner web apps.

This DxM is included in DataMiner upgrade packages from DataMiner 10.5.0 [CU8]/10.5.11 onwards.<!-- RN 43439 -->

## Available DxMs

### CloudGateway

The CloudGateway module is responsible for connecting a DataMiner System to dataminer.services. It manages the identity towards dataminer.services and ensures a secure connection.

This DxM is included in DataMiner upgrade packages from DataMiner 10.5.9/10.6.0 onwards<!--RN 43205-->. However, the DxM will only be upgraded if an older version is found on the DMA. If no older version is found, it will not be installed.

### CloudFeed

The CloudFeed module is responsible for offloading data towards dataminer.services. This setting can be controlled in the [Admin app](xref:Controlling_cloudfeed_data_offloads). Among the data that is offloaded are alarm events, change point events, SRM events, element configuration events, and feedback events.

From CloudFeed version 1.4.0 onwards, the minimum required DataMiner version is DataMiner 10.4.10.<!-- RN 40413 -->

From DataMiner 10.5.0/10.5.1 onwards<!--RN 41357-->, DataMiner upgrade packages by default include the latest version of the CloudFeed module. If a newer version of the CloudFeed module is available but you prefer not to install an upgrade package, you can install a newer version separately via the Admin app.

### CommunicationGateway

The CommunicationGateway module makes it possible for connectors or scripts running in the DataMiner environment to communicate with devices that require a gRPC connection.

At present, we support the [gNMI](xref:DSI_OpenConfig_Introduction#gnmi) service, but more services and RPC connections may be added.

This DxM exists in tandem with service-specific [middleware](xref:Nuget_Communication_Middleware) that facilitates the NATS communication to the DxM. However, not all middleware require the CommunicationGateway to establish a connection with the device. The DxM is primarily used to bridge the gap between different .NET versions. This is because gRPC requires .NET 5 or higher for full functionality, while SLScripting still runs on .NET 4.6.2.

> [!TIP]
> See also: [OpenConfig Middleware](xref:DSI_OpenConfig_Middleware)

### Copilot

The Copilot module extends DataMiner with conversational AI. For more information, see [Copilot](xref:Assistant_DxM).

### DataAggregator

See [Data Aggregator](xref:Data_Aggregator_DxM).

### DataAPI

The DataAPI module provides an HTTP interface that accepts requests with a JSON-formatted body. When required, it creates an element to store values extracted from the JSON payload.

In combination with the DataAggregator DxM, the DataAPI DxM is required for the [Data Sources](xref:Data_Sources) module.

From DataMiner 10.5.11/10.6.0 onwards, DataMiner upgrade packages by default include the latest version of the DataAPI module.<!-- RN 43677 -->

### ModelHost

The ModelHost module is responsible for allowing users to retrieve parameter relationship data on DataMiner Agents that are connected to dataminer.services and have been configured to [offload alarm and change point events to the cloud](xref:Controlling_cloudfeed_data_offloads).

The ModelHost DxM is not included in the Cloud Pack and [must be deployed separately](xref:Managing_cloud-connected_nodes#deploying-a-dxm-on-a-dms-node). However, once it has been deployed, it gets upgraded when you install DataMiner upgrades from DataMiner 10.5.7/10.6.0 onwards.<!-- RN 42896 -->
