---
uid: General_Feature_Release_10.4.11
---

# General Feature Release 10.4.11 – Preview

> [!IMPORTANT]
> We are still working on this release. Some release notes may still be modified or moved to a later release. Check back soon for updates!

> [!IMPORTANT]
> When downgrading from DataMiner Feature Release version 10.3.8 (or higher) to DataMiner Feature Release version 10.3.4, 10.3.5, 10.3.6 or 10.3.7, an extra manual step has to be performed. For more information, see [Downgrading a DMS](xref:MOP_Downgrading_a_DMS).

> [!TIP]
>
> - For release notes related to DataMiner Cube, see [DataMiner Cube Feature Release 10.4.11](xref:Cube_Feature_Release_10.4.11).
> - For release notes related to the DataMiner web applications, see [DataMiner web apps Feature Release 10.4.11](xref:Web_apps_Feature_Release_10.4.11).
> - For information on how to upgrade DataMiner, see [Upgrading a DataMiner Agent](xref:Upgrading_a_DataMiner_Agent).

## Highlights

*No highlights have been selected yet.*

## New features

*No new features have been added yet.*

## Changes

### Enhancements

#### Failover: Virtual IP address check will now use both a ping and an arp command to check whether an IP address is free [ID 40516]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 [CU20]/10.4.0 [CU8] - FR 10.4.11 -->

Up to now, on systems that do not allow ping commands to be executed, in some cases, the virtual IP address check would incorrectly conclude that the IP address was free and decide to claim it, causing the network interface card to malfunction due to IP addresses not being unique.

From now on, when the virtual IP address check has concluded that the IP address is free after having executed the required number of ping commands, it will double-check by executing an arp command.

#### SLAnalytics - Behavioral anomaly detection: Enhanced variance increase detection [ID 40580]

<!-- MR 10.5.0 - FR 10.4.11 -->

Because of a number of enhancements, variance increase detection has been improved.

#### Trimmed log entries will now get an '(x bytes omitted)' suffix [ID 40629]

<!-- MR 10.5.0 - FR 10.4.11 -->

In log files generated by SLLog, all messages longer than 5120 characters are trimmed by default.

From now on, all messages that have been trimmed will get a `(x bytes omitted)` suffix. That way, users will immediately notice which messages have been trimmed.

#### Automation: Enhanced locking when calling 'SetParameter' and 'GetParameter' on an element [ID 40682]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 [CU20]/10.4.0 [CU8] - FR 10.4.11 -->

A number of enhancements have been made to the locking behavior in the SLAutomation process in order to prevent unnecessary holdups when interacting with the `Engine` and related `Element` objects in Automation scripts.

The following calls have been improved:

- `element.SetParameter` and associated methods:

  - `ConnectMatrixCrosspoint`
  - `DisconnectMatrixCrosspoint`
  - `SetParameterByPrimaryKey`

- `element.GetParameter` and associated methods:

  - `GetMatrixInputForOutput`
  - `GetParameterByPrimaryKey`
  - `GetParameterDisplay`
  - `GetParameterDisplayByPrimaryKey`
  - `IsMatrixCrosspointConnected`

#### SLAnalytics will now wait longer for a message from SLNet announcing that it has finished loading the configuration [ID 40729]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 [CU20]/10.4.0 [CU8] - FR 10.4.11 -->

When starting up, up to now, SLAnalytics would wait up to 400 seconds for a message from SLNet announcing that it has finished loading the configuration. From now on, it will wait up to 20 minutes.

#### SLAnalytics: Maximum number of parameter changes processed by SLAnalytics will no longer be limited to 5000 per second [ID 40730]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU8] - FR 10.4.11 -->

From now on, the maximum number of parameter changes processed by SLAnalytics will no longer be limited to 5000 per second.

### Fixes

#### ReIndexElasticSearchIndexes tool would incorrectly overwrite the existing mapping by the default mappings [ID 40073]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 [CU20]/10.4.0 [CU8] - FR 10.4.11 -->

When the *ReIndexElasticSearchIndexes* tool was run, the existing mappings (which define how types should be handled) would incorrectly be overwritten by the default mappings. From now on, the existing mappings will be correctly passed from source database to destination database.

#### Logger tables and slatable data would not be deleted from the Cassandra Cluster database when the associated element was deleted [ID 40523]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 [CU20]/10.4.0 [CU8] - FR 10.4.11 -->

If an element had logger tables that were stored in a database of type *CassandraCluster*, up to now, those logger tables would not be deleted from the database when the element was deleted.

Similarly, when an SLA element was deleted, the data in the slatable associated with that element would not be deleted.

#### SLAnalytics would get blocked for too long when it failed to perform a database operation [ID 40603]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 [CU20]/10.4.0 [CU8] - FR 10.4.11 -->

When SLAnalytics fails to perform a database operation, it will retry the same operation several times before eventually giving up. While SLAnalytics is performing those retries, the cache will get blocked, causing all SLAnalytics functionality that relies on that cache to also get blocked.

In order to prevent SLAnalytics from getting blocked for too long and from taking up too much memory, from now on, SLAnalytics will perform less retries if the previous database operation it performed in the last hour also failed.

#### Storage as a Service: Problem when attempting to upgrade alarm masking data [ID 40625]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU8] - FR 10.4.11 -->

When a DataMiner Agent using STaaS started up, up to now, an error would be thrown when the DataMiner Agent attempted to upgrade alarm masking data to the new masking data format used since DataMiner version 10.0.0. As STaaS has only been supported since DataMiner version 10.4.0, upgrading alarm masking data is not necessary. Therefore, from now on, a DataMiner Agent using STaaS will no longer attempt to do so.

#### Service & Resource Management: Problem when retrieving resource pools with a property filter [ID 40642]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 [CU20]/10.4.0 [CU8] - FR 10.4.11 -->

When resource pools were retrieved with a property filter, and one of the resource pools had "null" properties, a `NullReferenceException` would be thrown and no resource pools would be returned.

> [!NOTE]
> The above-mentioned exception would only be thrown when, instead of `FilterElements`, (deprecated) object filters were being used.

#### Maps: Filter would incorrectly be altered when the filter pane was collapsed [ID 40660]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 [CU20]/10.4.0 [CU8] - FR 10.4.11 -->

When you collapsed the filter pane, in that filter pane, the text box would be cleared and all alarm severity checkboxes would automatically be selected. From now on, when you expand or collapse the filter pane, the text box will no longer be cleared and the checkboxes will no longer be automatically selected.

Also, when you collapse the filter pane, the looking glass icon will now blink blue if a non-default filter is set.
