---
uid: Applying_service_templates
---

# Applying service templates

1. Right-click the service template in the Surveyor, and select *Apply*.

   Alternatively, you can also right-click a view, select *Actions* > *Apply service template*, and then select the template you wish to apply.

1. In the next step, there are two ways to apply the service template:

   - If you wish to import a CSV file to generate the services, click *Import configuration from CSV*. Then browse to the CSV file in question.

     > [!NOTE]
     >
     > - If you are trying to update an existing service by means of an import, you must add a “serviceName” column with the name of the service in the CSV file. Note that this column name is case-sensitive.
     > - If the template contains an optional child element, specify "N/A" in the "element:x" column to skip that element even if a candidate element is available.

   - If you wish to create services based on elements in your DMS, click *Load*, and select the elements and/or processes for which services should be generated. In this case, the data you can enter will depend on how the service template was configured.

1. Depending on the option you have selected above, you may still need to click *Apply*. If the service template was configured to require confirmation before it is applied, you will still need to set *Confirm service creation* to *true* in order to create the service.

## Tips for applying service templates

- If you use the CSV import feature, or if you choose *\<create all options>* before applying the template, the process will run in a background thread and a *Background Tasks* window will appear where you can follow the progress. You can also abort any running service template application tasks in this window.

- To specify multiple destination views for generated services in a CSV file for import, in the *destView* column, you can either specify the view IDs separated by a pipe character, or the view names using the following format:

  - byname:*name1*\|*name2*

  If you specify the views by name, placeholders are supported, e.g. to refer to a parameter or to input data. For example:

  - *byname:Channel \[data:channelname\]\|Location \[data:locationname\]*

  In case you specify a wildcard in a view name, the service will be added to all matching views.

- When over 50 services are about to be created, or generated services contain over 20 elements, a warning appears. You will need to click the *Continue* button before the task continues. If the warning is ignored for 5 minutes, the task will be aborted. These configuration settings can be changed via the SLNetClientTest tool. See [Changing the service template child element and child service limitations](xref:SLNetClientTest_changing_service_template_child_limitations).

  > [!WARNING]
  > Always be extremely careful when using SLNetClientTest tool, as it can have far-reaching consequences on the functionality of your DataMiner System.

- To view the input data used to generate a service after a service template has been applied, right-click the generated service, and select *Service template* > *View*.

- A service generated by a service template cannot be edited. However, if you right-click the service and select *Service template* > *Detach*, so that it is no longer linked to the template, editing does become possible.

- When you reapply a service template, by default, all copies of services that were generated earlier by applying that same service template are deleted. To prevent such copies from being deleted when you reapply a service template:

  - Up to DataMiner 9.0.4, enable the *keepCopiesOnReApply* option in the XML source of the service template in question. See the following example:

    ```xml
    <Service name="My Template" ... keepCopiesOnReApply="true">
       ...
    </Service>
    ```

  - From DataMiner 9.0.4 onwards, while editing the service template in Cube, in the *Advanced* options of the *General* tab, select the option *Keep duplicates of generated services when re-applying*.

## Example of applying a service template

To apply the service template created in our earlier example (see [Example of creating a service template](xref:ST_example_ST_creation)):

1. Right-click the service template in the Surveyor, and click *Apply*.

1. On the service template card, click *Load*.

1. If you want services to be created for one specific “Microsoft Platform” element, open the element selection box, and select an element.

1. If you want services to be created for one specific process, open the process selection box, and select a process.

1. If you have not selected a specific element or a specific process, and you want services to be created for all possible combinations of “Microsoft Platform” elements and processes, select *Create All Options*.

1. Click *Next*.

1. In the message box, click *OK*.
