---
uid: General_Main_Release_10.6.0_new_features
---

# General Main Release 10.6.0 – New features - Preview

> [!IMPORTANT]
> We are still working on this release. Some release notes may still be modified or moved to a later release. Check back soon for updates!

## Highlights

- [Swarming [ID 37381] [ID 37437] [ID 37486] [ID 37925] [ID 38019] [ID 39303] [ID 40704] [ID 40939] [ID 41258] [ID 41490]](#swarming-id-37381-id-37437-id-37486-id-37925-id-38019-id-39303-id-40704-id-40939-id-41258-id-41490)

## New features

#### Retrieving additional logging from a DataMiner System [ID 40766]

<!-- MR 10.6.0 - FR 10.5.1 -->

From now on, the `GetAdditionalLoggingMessage` can be used to retrieve additional logging from a DataMiner System. It will return a `GetAdditionalLoggingResponseMessage` with the following information:

- *Log Name*: The name of the log.
- *Log Type*: The type of the log. Currently, only the log type "DxM" is supported.

Example:

```csharp
// Send a request to collect additional logging info 
var additionalLoggingMessage = new GetAdditionalLoggingMessage();
var response = engine.SendSLNetMessages(additionalLoggingMessage);
var loggingInfo = response.AdditionalLoggingInfo;
foreach (var logEntry in loggingInfo)
{
    engine.GenerateInformationEvent($"Log Name: {logEntry.Name}, Log Type: {logEntry.Type}");
}
```

Also, the existing messages `GetLogTextFileStringContentRequestMessage` and `GetLogTextFileBinaryContentRequestMessage` now have two new properties that will allow them to retrieve additional logging:

- *AdditionalLogName*: The name of the additional log to be retrieved.
- *LogType*: The type of the log. Example: `LogFileType.DxM`

Example:

```csharp
// Create a request to retrieve a specific additional log in a string format
var logRequest = new GetLogTextFileStringContentRequestMessage
{ 
    AdditionalLogName = "DataMiner UserDefinableApiEndpoint", 
    LogType = LogFileType.DxM
};
```

> [!NOTE]
> These are SLNet messages that are subject to change without notice.

#### SLNet 'GetInfo' messages for the PropertyConfiguration' and 'ViewInfo' types now support retrieving information for a specific item [ID 41169]

<!-- MR 10.6.0 - FR 10.5.1 -->

SLNet `GetInfo` messages for the `PropertyConfiguration` and `ViewInfo` types now support retrieving information for a specific item. This will enhance the performance of the `Skyline.DataMiner.Core.DataMinerSystem.Common` NuGet package used in protocols or Automation scripts.

##### Type PropertyConfiguration

In the `ExtraData` property you can now specify ";type=\<propertyType\>" or ";type=\<propertyType\>;", where \<propertyType\> is either ELEMENT, SERVICE or VIEW.

If another value is specified, then all property configurations will be returned.

##### Type ViewInfo

In the `ExtraData` property you can now specify ";viewId=\<ID\>" or ";viewId=\<ID\>;", where \<ID\> is the ID of the view for which you want to retrieve more information.

> [!NOTE]
> These are SLNet messages that are subject to change without notice.

#### New SLNet call GetProtocolQActionsStateRequestMessage to retrieve QAction compilation warnings and errors [ID 41218]

<!-- MR 10.6.0 - FR 10.5.1 -->

A new SLNet call `GetProtocolQActionsStateRequestMessage` can now be used to retrieve the compilation warnings and errors of a given protocol and version. The response, `GetProtocolQActionsStateResponseMessage`, will then contains all faulty QActions and their respective warnings and errors.

In future versions, this call will be used to verify whether DataMiner Swarming can be enabled on a DataMiner System.

> [!NOTE]
> This SLNet message is subject to change without notice.

#### Alarms - Proactive cap detection: User feedback [ID 41371]

<!-- MR 10.6.0 - FR 10.5.1 -->

From now on, users will be allowed to give feedback (positive or negative) on alarms and suggestion events generated by the proactive cap detection feature.

- Positive feedback will make the detection process more forgiving, and future alarms and suggestion events will more likely be generated again when the trend prediction for the parameter in question directs towards the critical value or the values configured in the alarm template.

- Negative feedback will decrease the chance of a similar alarm or suggestion event being re-generated upon a future occurrence of (a) the instance that received the feedback and (b) other instances related to the same parameter. For example, if you give negative feedback on suggestion events of type "Predicted minimum value...", less suggestion events of that type will get generated for some time in the future.

> [!NOTE]
>
> - For this user feedback feature to work, the DataMiner System has to include an indexing database.
> - For more information on how to provide feedback on alarms and suggestion events generated by the proactive cap detection feature in DataMiner Cube, see [Alarm Console - Proactive cap detection: User feedback [ID 41451]](xref:Cube_Feature_Release_10.5.1#alarm-console---proactive-cap-detection-user-feedback-id-41451).

#### Swarming [ID 37381] [ID 37437] [ID 37486] [ID 37925] [ID 38019] [ID 39303] [ID 40704] [ID 40939] [ID 41258] [ID 41490]

<!-- MR 10.6.0 - FR 10.5.1 -->

From now on, you can enable the Swarming feature in a DataMiner System in order to be able to swarm [elements](xref:SwarmingElements) from one DataMiner Agent to another Agent in the same cluster. Prior to this, this feature is available in preview if the *Swarming* [soft-launch option](xref:SoftLaunchOptions) is enabled.

The primary goal of Swarming is to eliminate downtime resulting from maintenance activities and provide a more polished user experience.

Note that when Swarming is enabled, this will result in some major changes to the DataMiner configuration:

- Alarm identifiers will be generated on a per-element basis instead of per Agent to make them unique within the cluster. Because of this change, you will need to make sure [your system is prepared](xref:SwarmingPrepare) before you can enable Swarming.

- Element configuration will be stored in the cluster-wide database instead of in the element XML files on the disk of the DataMiner Agent hosting each element.

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> - Swarming cannot be enabled on DataMiner Main Release 10.5.
> - Once the element configuration has been moved from disk to database, there is no good way to revert this change, which means that if you were to disable Swarming again, you would lose all your elements, leaving your DMS with a lot of lingering references to non-existing elements. For instructions on how to disable Swarming and **partially** recover your elements, see [Partially rolling back Swarming](xref:SwarmingRollback).

##### Capabilities

Currently, the Swarming feature provides the following capabilities:

- As a DataMiner System Admin, you can apply maintenance (e.g. Windows updates) on a live cluster, Agent by Agent, by temporarily moving functionalities away to other Agents in the cluster.

- As a DataMiner System Admin, you can easily extend your system with an extra node and move functionalities from existing nodes to new nodes, so you can rebalance your cluster (i.e. spread the load across all nodes).

- Swarming makes it possible to recover functionalities from failing nodes by moving activities hosted on such a node to the remaining nodes.

In a later iteration, the Swarming feature will also be able to assist in making rolling DataMiner software updates on live clusters possible, with limited downtime of specific functionality.

> [!NOTE]
> The above capabilities are possible with limited downtime and as long as there is spare capacity.

##### Limitations

Swarming is not available in the following DataMiner Systems:

- DataMiner Systems with a [storage per DMA setup](xref:Configuring_storage_per_DMA) (Cassandra or MySQL).

- DataMiner Systems with [Failover](xref:About_DMA_Failover).

- DataMiner Systems where the [*LegacyReportsAndDashboards* soft-launch option](xref:Overview_of_Soft_Launch_Options#legacyreportsanddashboards) is enabled.

> [!NOTE]
>
> - Currently, Swarming is limited to [basic elements](xref:SwarmingElements). Support for other types of elements will be added in future versions.
> - [Prerequisite checks](xref:EnableSwarming#running-a-prerequisites-check) are in place to prevent the enabling of the Swarming feature when non-supported objects are present. Where possible, you will also be prevented from configuring or creating these on a Swarming-enabled system.

##### Required user permissions

To enable the Swarming feature, the [Admin Tools](xref:DataMiner_user_permissions#modules--system-configuration--tools--admin-tools) user permission is required.

Once the feature has been enabled, users will need the [Swarming](xref:DataMiner_user_permissions#modules--swarming) user permission to trigger any swarming actions. Users who previously had the [Import DELT](xref:DataMiner_user_permissions#general--elements--import-delt) and [Export DELT](xref:DataMiner_user_permissions#general--elements--import-delt) user permissions before Swarming was enabled will automatically also get the *Swarming* user permission when upgrading from a version without the *Swarming* permission to a version with the *Swarming* permission.

To swarm an element, users will also need config rights on the element.

##### Swarming elements

When Swarming has been enabled, you can swarm elements **in DataMiner Cube** via *System Center* > *Agents* > *Status*. On that page, the *Swarming* button will be displayed instead of the *Migration* button. Clicking the button will open a window where you can select the elements you want to swarm and the destination DMA.

Swarming elements is also possible **via Automation, QActions or other (external) tools**. See the following Automation script example, in which two input parameters are defined to retrieve the element key and the target agent ID:

- a parameter named "Element Key", containing the DMA ID/element ID pair of the element you want to swarm, and
- a parameter named "Target Agent ID", containing the ID of the target Agent.

```csharp
using System;
using System.Linq;
using Skyline.DataMiner.Automation;
using Skyline.DataMiner.Net;
using Skyline.DataMiner.Net.Swarming.Helper;

public class Script
{
  public void Run(Engine engine)
  {
    var element = ElementID.FromString(engine.GetScriptParam("Element Key").Value);
    int targetAgentId = Int32.Parse(engine.GetScriptParam("Target Agent ID").Value);
    
    var swarmingResults = SwarmingHelper.Create(Engine.SLNetRaw)
        .SwarmElement(element)
        .ToAgent(targetAgentId);

    var swarmingResultForElement = swarmingResults.First();  

    if (!swarmingResultForElement.Success)
    {
      engine.ExitFail($"Swarming failed: {swarmingResultForElement?.Message}");
    }
  }
}
```
