---
uid: EPM_1.0.2_VSAT
---

# EPM 1.0.2 VSAT

## New features

#### Generic KAFKA Consumer connector: new parameters [ID_36484]

Two new parameters have been added to the Generic KAFKA Consumer connector:

- A certificate location type parameter on the Authentication page.
- A Kafka logging debug parameter on the Configuration page.

#### New custom GQI script for DCAT live summary [ID_36497]

A new custom GQI script (*Verizon DCAT Live Summary GQI*) is now available. It will process the information generated by DCAT for a live workflow execution and generate the summary data.

#### New custom GQI script for DCAT live metrics details [ID_36498]

A new custom GQI script (*Verizon DCAT Live Metrics Details GQI*) is now available. It will process the information generated by DCAT for a live workflow execution and generate the metrics details data.

#### New custom GQI script for DCAT live faults [ID_36499]

A new custom GQI script (*Verizon DCAT Live Faults GQI*) is now available. It will process the information generated by DCAT for a live workflow execution and generate the faults data.

#### New custom GQI script for DCAT live history summary [ID_36500]

A new custom GQI script (*Verizon DCAT Live History Summary GQI*) is now available. It will process the information generated by DCAT for a live history workflow execution and generate the summary data.

#### New custom GQI script for DCAT live history metrics details [ID_36501]

A new custom GQI script (*Verizon DCAT Live History Metrics Details GQI*) is now available. It will process the information generated by DCAT for a live history workflow execution and generate the metrics details data.

#### New custom GQI script for DCAT live history faults [ID_36502]

A new custom GQI script (*Verizon DCAT Live History Faults GQI*) is now available. It will process the information generated by DCAT for a live history workflow execution and generate the faults data.

#### New custom GQI script to calculate percentage for two columns of type Double [ID_36505]

A new custom GQI script (*GQIO_Percentage_Double*) has been added that allows the user to calculate a percentage for two columns with data of type Double from a GQI table.

#### New custom GQI script to calculate percentage for two columns of type Int [ID_36506]

A new custom GQI script (*GQIO_Percentage_Int*) has been added that allows the user to calculate a percentage for two columns with data of type Int from a GQI table.

#### New custom GQI script to multiply column of type Double by a percentage [ID_36507]

A new custom GQI script (*GQIO_MultiplyByPercentage*) has been added that allows the user to multiply a number column of type Double by a percentage.

#### New custom GQI script to calculate the running total of the values in a column of type Double [ID_36508]

A new custom GQI script (*GQIO_RunningTotal_Double*) has been added that allows the user to calculate the running total of values in a single column of type Double.

#### New custom GQI script to calculate the running total of the values in a column of type Int [ID_36509]

A new custom GQI script (*GQIO_RunningTotal_Int*) has been added that allows the user to calculate the running total of values in a single column of type Int.

## Changes

### Enhancements

#### WM ticketing integrated with EPM PLM [ID_36468]

WM ticketing connectors now point to the EPM PLM Solution.

#### Skyline Universal Weather: pagination added [ID_36469]

In the Skyline Universal Weather connector, pagination has been added for the tables with ID 100, 300, 1000, and 1100.

#### Newtec Dialog Platform VSAT: TSDB Rx technology integration + UI adjustments [ID_36473]

TSDB Rx technology data has been integrated into the EPM Solution with formula updates for the Circuit Overview Table of the Newtec Dialog Platform VSAT connector. In addition, the connector user interface has been adjusted in several places: tables have been moved and the order of the pages has changed.

#### Verizons Computer Associates Interface: Satmanage_Id field of exported sun outage files now contains entity name [ID_36486]

The *Satmanage_Id* field of exported sun outage files will now contain the entity name instead of the circuit ID. This will prevent possible problems when processing sun outage data.

#### Verizon DSM RDS: Only 'Present' entities now processed [ID_36487]

The Verizon DSM RDS connector will now only process entities that have the status "Present". Entities with status "Removed" will be skipped in the files exported by the DSM RDS. This will prevent possible problems when processing the files.

#### Verizon WM DCAT: Reports migrated to DCAT app + improved performance [ID_36496]

The reports generated by DCAT have now been migrated to the DCAT app.

In addition, because of performance improvements, live workflow executions will now take less time to finish.

### Fixes

#### WM Ticketing exceptions related to load balancing [ID_36470]

In some cases, the logging could contain exceptions related to the WM Ticketing load balancing logic. For example:

```txt
2023/04/13 15:31:11.742|SLManagedScripting.exe|ManagedInterop|ERR|0|3|QA1|ProcessIncomingEvent|Error processing incoming event. System.IndexOutOfRangeException: Index was outside the bounds of the array. at QAction.LoadBalancing(SLProtocolExt protocol, List`1 receivedRowsData, List`1 listToSend, List`1 listOfEtms) at QAction.LoadBalancingLogic(SLProtocolExt protocol, List`1 receivedRowsData, List`1 listToSend) at QAction.TicketProcess(SLProtocolExt protocol, List`1 diagnosticTableEntries, ConcurrentBag`1 processedRows, List`1 receivedRowsData) at QAction.ProcessIncomingEvent(SLProtocolExt protocol, List`1 diagnosticTableEntries)
```

To prevent these exceptions, if the previous ticket has "N/A" as the ticket handler, a new ticket handler will now be assigned.

#### Not possible to push SES S.A. Skala connector to pipeline [ID_36472]

Up to now, it was not possible to push the SES S.A. Skala connector to the pipeline and get a signed copy. Now, the latest version of the connector is available in the pipeline.

#### VerSat On ETMS Automation script caused error when inter-app messages were sent [ID_36483]

When inter-app messages were sent from the VerSat On ETMS Automation script to ETMS connectors, this could cause an error. To prevent this, the InterApp library has now been updated in the script.

#### Verizon ETMS Platform connector caused error when inter-app messages were sent [ID_36485]

When inter-app messages were sent from the Verizon ETMS Platform connector, this could cause an error. To prevent this, the InterApp library has now been updated in the connector.
