---
uid: General_Main_Release_10.2.0_enhancements
---

# General Main Release 10.2.0 - Enhancements

#### Security enhancements \[ID_29724\] \[ID_29883\] \[ID_30086\] \[ID_30087\] \[ID_30192\] \[ID_30202\] \[ID_30257\] \[ID_30345\] \[ID_30674\] \[ID_31081\] \[ID_31169\] \[ID_31307\] \[ID_32081\]

A number of security enhancements have been made.

#### DataMiner Cube - Alarm Console: Automatic incident tracking will now ignore parameter name changes \[ID_28075\]

From now on, automatic incident tracking will ignore parameter name changes. The name of an alarm group will now always be the name of the parameter as specified in the protocol.

This will prevent parameters with different names ending up in the same alarm group.

#### DataMiner Jobs: New field type 'ServiceDefinitionFieldDescriptor' \[ID_28086\]

A new field type “ServiceDefinitionFieldDescriptor” has been added, which will always require a GUID value referring to a service definition.

This field descriptor can also add service definitions using the ServiceDefinitionIds property (of type List\<Guid>), allowing you to filter service definitions based on service definition IDs.

This feature is intended to support the upcoming PLM app.

#### Dashboards app - Line chart component: Trend percentile calculation will now also take into account the period during which a parameter had a certain value \[ID_28135\]

From now on, trend percentile calculations will also take into account the period during which a parameter had a certain value.

> [!NOTE]
> Percentile calculation is skipped when a parameter is of type discrete or when multiple parameters are displayed in one trend graph.

#### Dashboards app: Enhanced mechanism used to create PDF reports \[ID_28170\]

A number of enhancements have been made to the mechanism used to generate PDF reports.

#### DataMiner Cube - Alarm Console: Reasons mentioned in Value column of group alarms generated by Automatic incident tracking now appear in the UI language \[ID_28189\]

When automatic incident tracking is activated, active alarms that are related to the same incident will automatically be grouped into a new alarm, and the Value column of such an alarm will show the reason why the alarms underneath it were grouped. From now on, that reason will appear in the UI language.

#### DataMiner Cube start window: Animation enhancements \[ID_28190\]

A number of enhancements have been made to the animations in the DataMiner Cube start window.

#### Correlation: Enhanced performance when clearing base alarms \[ID_28201\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when simultaneously clearing a large number of correlation base alarms.

#### Notice when error occurs after disabling and enabling the data offload configuration \[ID_28220\]

When the data offload configuration was disabled and enabled again, in some rare cases, an error can occur. If so, from now on, the following notice will be generated for database parameter 64599 and added to the *SLElement.txt* log file:

```txt
Central DataBase Offload threads aren't closed in a timely fashion. Potential issues with offloading rate data can occur. Disabling and enabling offload rate settings is advised.
```

#### SLAnalytics will now keep track of configuration changes \[ID_28223\]

From now on, SLAnalytics will keep track of all changes made to its configuration settings.

Each DMA will keep a local configuration history, which will not be synchronized with the other DMAs in the DMS.

#### Dashboards app - Pivot table component: Indices from different tables in different elements with identical names will be displayed on the same row \[ID_28344\]

Up to now, when a pivot table component displayed indices on the same row, they were mapped in memory based on primary key. So, when you had indices from different tables in different elements with identical names, those indices would be displayed on different rows because, in memory, they had different primary keys.

From now on, the display keys will also be taken into account. As a result, indices from different tables in different elements with identical names will be displayed on the same row, regardless of their primary key.

> [!NOTE]
> For this to work, the pivot table should show the indices as rows and all other types as columns. Otherwise, the indices will be split up in separate levels.

#### DataMiner Cube - Service & Resource Management: Enhanced error messages \[ID_28351\]

Up to now, when you left a name empty, one of two different error messages could appear. These messages have now been consolidated into one single error message.

#### SLAnalytics: All log entries will now by default have log level 0 \[ID_28361\]

All log entries generated by SLAnalytics will now by default have log level 0.

#### FileInfoManager: Enhancements & debug UI in SLNetClientTest tool \[ID_28409\]

A number of enhancements have been made to FileInfoManager.

Also, under *Advanced \> Apps \> FileInfo*, the DataMiner SLNetClientTest tool now offers a read-only UI to debug FileInfoManager.

> [!WARNING]
> The DataMiner SLNetClientTest program is an advanced system administration tool that should be used with extreme care (C:\\Skyline DataMiner\\Files\\SLNetClientTest.exe).

#### Dashboards app: Service definition component has a new icon \[ID_28501\]

The service definition component has a new icon.

#### Service & Resource Management: Enhanced performance when executing the start actions of a ReservationInstance \[ID_28525\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when the start actions of a ReservationInstance are executed.

#### New icons added to Icons.xml file \[ID_28566\]

A set of 6 new colored LED icons has been added to the file *Icons.xml*, located in the folder *C:\\Skyline DataMiner\\Protocols*.

#### SLWatchDog will no longer try to restart NAS and NATS when they are disabled \[ID_28585\]

From now on, SLWatchDog will no longer try to restart NAS and NATS when the services are disabled. Also, when there is an active “NAS/NATS has stopped, restarting...” alarm, it will automatically be cleared after a short time.

#### Alarm Console: Enhanced performance when dragging the history slider \[ID_28639\]

Because of a number of enhancements made to the mechanism used to retrieve alarms from the database, overall performance has increased when dragging the history slider in the Alarm Console.

#### Cassandra: Enabling TLS on database connection \[ID_28646\]\[ID_28827\]

It is now possible to enable TLS on Cassandra database connections.

To enable TLS for a particular Cassandra database, do the following:

1. Enable TLS in the settings of the Cassandra database.

1. Enable TLS in the settings of that database in Db.xml. See the following example:

   ```xml
   <DataBase active="true" local="true" type="Cassandra">
     <DBServer>10.10.10.10</DBServer>
     <UID>myUserId</UID>
     <PWD>myPassword</PWD>
     <DB>SLDMADB</DB>
     <TLSEnabled>true</TLSEnabled>
   </DataBase>
   ```

1. Make sure DataMiner is able to use TCP port 7001.

> [!NOTE]
> Currently, the above-mentioned procedure only enables TLS on the database connection. It does not enable client authentication.

#### DataMiner Cube: Enhanced performance when opening cards \[ID_28743\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when opening cards in DataMiner Cube.

#### Dashboards app: GQI queries now synchronized in cluster \[ID_28756\]\[ID_28765\]

Queries created with the generic query interface in the Dashboards app will now be synchronized across all DMAs in a cluster.

#### DMS.xml now supports using hostnames instead of IP addresses \[ID_28775\]

From now on, the *DMS.xml* file also supports using hostnames instead of IP addresses.

#### Dashboards app: Profile parameters can now also be included when grouping parameters on component level \[ID_28786\]

Up to now, when parameters were grouped in a line chart, trend statistics or parameter state component, profile parameters would not be included.

From now on, due to a number of enhancements, it is also possible to include profile parameters when grouping parameters on component level.

#### Elasticsearch: Alarm will now be generated when Elasticsearch goes into read-only mode \[ID_28821\]

When disk usage exceeds 90 percent on a server running an Elasticsearch database, the database will go into read-only mode. Up to now, when that happened, only an entry was added to the logs. From now on, also an alarm will be generated.

#### Trending: Trend values will now be rounded after being retrieved from the database \[ID_28840\] \[29758\]

Up to now, trend data values were rounded before being stored in the database. From now on, those values will only be rounded after being retrieved from the database, i.e. before being returned to the client.

#### SLAnalytics will now add a log entry when it goes into or out of flood mode \[ID_29039\]

When SLAnalytics detects a sudden rise in the amount of data to be processed, it will temporarily halt all processing and go into flood mode. Up to now, when going into flood mode, it would generate an alarm of type “notice”. Now, instead of an alarm, it will add an entry to the SLAnalytics log file.

A similar entry will be added to the log file when SLAnalytics goes out of flood mode.

#### Improved error logging during upgrades \[ID_29066\]

Error logging during DataMiner upgrades has been improved, so that the logging contains more information in some specific cases.

#### DataMiner Cube: Improved layout when Alarm Console is displayed as overlay \[ID_29108\]

When the alarm bar is clicked once so that the Alarm Console is displayed as an overlay, a shadow effect will now indicate that is it shown above the rest of the Cube UI. In addition, the icons in the Cube sidebar will now no longer move when the Alarm Console is displayed as an overlay.

#### Service & Resource Management: Enhanced loading of Resource Manager module \[ID_29144\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when the Resource Manager module is loaded at startup.

#### DataMiner Cube - Services app: Validation of service profile definition names and service profile instance names is now consistent with the name validation routines used in the other SRM apps \[ID_29155\]

In the Services app, the validation of service profile definition names and service profile instance names has now been made consistent with the name validation routines used in the other SRM apps (e.g. Profiles, Resources, Functions, etc.).

#### NATS connection timeout can now be configured \[ID_29172\]

In the *SLCloud.xml* file, the timeout of the NATS server connection can be now specified in the \<ConnectTimeout> element. Minimum value (in milliseconds): 1000

If this element contains a value lower than 1000 or a non-numeric value, that value will be ignored and an error will be logged in the SLMessageBroker.txt file.

#### Live Sharing service now supports both HTTP and HTTPS connections \[ID_29219\]

The Live Sharing service now supports both HTTP and HTTPS connections.

#### SLAnalytics: Enhanced accuracy of proactive cap detection and behavioral anomaly detection \[ID_29255\]

Because of a number of enhancements made to the way in which history set parameter updates are processed, overall accuracy of the proactive cap detection and behavioral anomaly detection features has increased.

#### Service & Resource Management: Enhanced performance when cloning ReservationInstances during quarantine checks \[ID_29408\]

Because of a number of enhancements with regard to the cloning of ReservationInstances, overall performance has increased when performing quarantine checks

#### Web apps: All timespan controls now support timespan grouping \[ID_29441\]

All timespan controls of all web apps (e.g. Monitoring, Jobs, Ticketing, Dashboards, etc.) now support timespan grouping.

#### DataMiner Cube - Visual Overview: Enhanced performance when loading and sorting children shapes \[ID_29448\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when children shapes are loaded and sorted.

#### DataMiner Cube - Trending: Trend legend enhancements \[ID_29477\]

A number of enhancements have been made to the trend legend:

- The trace and current values will now have tooltips. Hovering over one of those tooltips will reveal the full value, and when there is insufficient space, the value will be ellipsed.
- Trace values will no longer have trailing zeros cut off when that precision is available, which will improve readability.
- The current values will have a thousand separator where necessary.

#### Improved SLNet startup performance due to DNS lookup enhancements \[ID_29522\]

Because of a number of DNS lookup enhancements, SLNet startup performance has increased.

#### Dashboards app: Enhanced performance when opening a dashboard \[ID_29548\]

Overall performance has increased when a dashboard is opened.

When you opened a dashboard, up to now, its edit panel would already be loaded in the background. From now on, the edit panel will only be loaded when you enter edit mode.

#### DataMiner Cube - Visual Overview: Service child shapes will now be updated instead of recreated when a dynamic part changes \[ID_29568\]

When a series of service child shapes contained a dynamic part (e.g. ChildrenFilter, ChildrenSource, etc.), up to now, all those child shapes would be recreated each time one of those dynamic parts changed. From now on, when a dynamic part changes, the child shapes will be updated instead of being recreated.

#### SLNet will now start up asynchronously in a background thread \[ID_29633\]

From now on, SLNet will start up asynchronously in a background thread.

#### Dashboards app - GQI: Enhanced performance when executing queries due to ability to detect redundant operations \[ID_29636\]

GQI is now able to detect any redundant operations contained within a query. As a result, overall performance has increased when executing queries.

#### Dashboards app - State component: Enhanced auto-size behavior \[ID_29654\]

When, in the *Layout* tab of the State component, you select “Auto size” in the *Advanced \> Style* section, an attempt will now always be made to fill up the entire component area with the information to be displayed.

Also, a number of other enhancements have been made with regard to auto-sizing.

#### SLDMS.xml will no longer be refreshed each time SLDataMiner.xml is updated \[ID_29664\]

Up to now, each time *SLDataMiner.xml* was updated, *SLDMS.xml* would also be refreshed. From now on, this will no longer happen.

#### 'Number of backups to keep' setting will now also apply to the number of Elasticsearch backups \[ID_29702\]

In the *Backup* section of *System Center*, you can indicate the number of backups that have to be kept on disk. This setting will now also apply to the number of Elasticsearch backups.

> [!NOTE]
> Whether DataMiner will be able to delete older Elasticsearch backups stored on a network path will depend on the permissions granted to the account used to access that path.

#### Mobile Gateway: Enhanced performance when sending text messages \[ID_29729\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when text messages are sent.

#### SLDMS will now perform DNS lookups using 'getaddrinfo' instead of 'gethostbyname' \[ID_29740\]

From now on, SLDMS will perform DNS lookups using the getaddrinfo function instead of the deprecated gethostbyname function.

#### Ongoing spectrum recording will now automatically be saved when the session is closed \[ID_29843\]

When a spectrum session is closed while a recording is in progress, from now on, the recording will automatically be saved to the user’s folder in *C:\\Skyline DataMiner\\Users*.

#### Additional logging for actions in SRM modules \[ID_29924\]

Additional information will now be logged in the *SLClient.txt* log file for the following SRM modules:

- Functions (currently only available in soft launch)
- Profiles
- Services
- Resources
- Bookings

The following information will be logged

- The time when a module has been launched by a user.
- The time that is needed to load a module after it is launched, including the initialization, the fetching of data from the server, and the creation of module data.
- The duration of each server call, including the message, the interval, and the filter used in the request, if any. The following server calls are taken into account for this:

  - Resource helper: Retrieving a resource, resource pool, booking definition, or booking instance.
  - Service helper: Retrieving a service definition, service state, or information.
  - Function helper: Retrieving a virtual function, or protocol metadata.

#### Dashboards app - GQI: Enhanced performance when processing GQI query results \[ID_29977\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when GQI query results are processed.

#### Service & Resource Management: Enhanced error message when a referenced resource capability does not exist \[ID_30065\]

When you created a ReservationInstance that referenced a non-existing capability of an existing resource, up to now, the following error message of type “ResourceCapabilityInvalid” would be displayed:

```txt
Could not find the profile with capability parameter {oneCapabilityUsage.CapabilityProfileID}.
```

From now on, the following error message will be displayed instead:

```txt
Could not find capability parameter {oneCapabilityUsage.CapabilityProfileID} on resource {resource.ID}.
```

#### Service & Resource Management: Enhanced performance when creating bookings \[ID_30116\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when bookings are created.

#### DataMiner Cube - Visual Overview: Enhanced child shape loading indicator \[ID_30151\]

A number of enhancements have been made with regard to the loading indicator that is shown while automatically generated child shapes are being loaded.

#### Logging: An entry will no longer by default be added to the SLDataMiner.txt and SLErrors.txt log files when the 'C:\\Skyline DataMiner\\Simulations' folder cannot be found at DataMiner startup \[ID_30168\]

Up to now, at DataMiner startup, the following entry would by default be added to the *SLDataMiner.txt* and *SLErrors.txt* log files when no *C:\\Skyline DataMiner\\Simulations* folder could be found:

```txt
CDataMiner::LoadSimulations|ERR|0|Failed to query directory 'C:\Skyline DataMiner\Simulations' with filter 'Simulation_*.xml' (The system cannot find the path specified.).
```

From now on, such entries will no longer by default be added to the above-mentioned log files at DataMiner startup.

#### Service & Resource Management: Enhanced performance when creating bookings \[ID_30209\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when bookings are created, especially in situations with a large number of overlapping bookings that use a large number of resources.

#### Service & Resource Management: Enhanced performance when adding and updating function resources \[ID_30280\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when function resources are added or updated, especially when a large number of resources are added on the same parent element.

#### Cassandra cluster: SLA tables now stored in one table \[ID_30369\]

If one Cassandra cluster database is used for the entire DMS, the SLA database tables will now all be stored in one table instead of in a table per SLA. This will improve the performance of Cassandra.

#### Web apps: Enhanced visualization of warnings and errors \[ID_30397\]

A number of enhancements have been made with regard to the visualization of warnings and errors.

#### Enhanced performance of SLNet when managing DVE elements on systems with an offload database \[ID_30439\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance of SLNet has increased when managing DVE elements on systems with an offload database.

#### Profile Manager: Objects added, updated or deleted in bulk will now be grouped into one single event \[ID_30465\]

When profile parameters, profile instances or profile definitions are added, updated or deleted in bulk, from now on, a single event listing all objects will be sent. Up to now, a separate event would be sent for every object.

To prevent events from getting too large, the maximum amount of objects listed in one event has by default been set to 100. Events that contain more than 100 objects will be split into multiple events.

Also, due to a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when deleting profile objects in bulk.

#### DataMiner Cube - Alarm Console: Enhanced correlation mechanism \[ID_30481\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance of the correlation mechanism has increased, especially when generating Correlation alarms with a large number of sources.

#### DataMiner Cube: Enhanced performance of Booking Manager and Resource Manager \[ID_30483\]

In DataMiner Cube, the Resource Manager and the Booking Manager always run side by side. Up to now, when the Booking Manager was being used, in some cases, data would also be requested from the Resource Manager. A number of enhancements have now been made to prevent this. As a result, overall performance of both the Booking Manager and the Resource Manager has increased.

#### Profiles module: Parameter list improvements \[ID_30530\]

A number of small improvements have been implemented to the list of parameters in the Profiles module:

- When you open the list of parameters, by default no parameter will be selected.
- When you create a new parameter, that parameter is automatically selected.
- It is now possible to search for a parameter in the list by typing its first characters.

#### Dashboards app - GQI: Columns will now be referred to by their unique ID instead of by their display name \[ID_30568\] \[ID_30870\] \[ID_30970\]

In GQI queries, up to now, columns would be identified by their display name. From now on, they will be identified by a unique ID instead.

Each time a user opens a dashboard, any existing GQI queries in table or node edge components on that dashboard referring to columns by display name will be adapted on the fly. When such a dashboard is opened by a user who is allowed to edit dashboards, the adaptation will be saved so that the dashboard will no longer have to be adapted the next time it is opened.

#### Improved logging in case encrypted password in DB.xml cannot be retrieved \[ID_30614\]

If a password is encrypted in DB.xml, but for some reason (e.g. syncing issue) DataMiner is unable to retrieve it, this will now be indicated more clearly in the logging.

#### Ticket migration from Cassandra to Elasticsearch: Notice generated when unsupported characters are found in TicketFieldDescriptors \[ID_30624\]

When unsupported characters are found in TicketFieldDescriptors at the start of a ticket data migration from Cassandra to Elasticsearch, from now on,

- a notice with a link to a “known issues” Dojo article will be generated,
- an entry listing the invalid TicketFieldDescriptors will be added to the SLMigrationManager.txt log file, and
- the migration will be aborted.

See also: [Migration of Ticketing data from Cassandra to Elasticsearch fails](xref:KI_Migration_of_Ticketing_data_from_Cassandra_to_Elasticsearch_fails)

#### Web apps: Notification when reconnect happens in background \[ID_30628\]

When a reconnect happens in the background in the DataMiner web apps, a notification will now be displayed to inform the user.

#### DataMiner Cube - Alarm grouping: Enhanced performance when updating large alarm groups and when grouping alarms using correlation rules \[ID_30670\]

Due to a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when updating large alarm groups and when grouping alarms using correlation rules.

#### SLAnalytics: pollingtime values in ParameterInfo records can no longer be equal to zero \[ID_30729\]

In a Cassandra database, from now on, pollingTime values in ParameterInfo records will no longer be allowed to be equal to zero. pollingTime values between 0 and 1 seconds will automatically be updated to 1 before they are stored in the database.

#### SAML authentication enhancements \[ID_30749\]

A number of enhancements have been made with regard to SAML authentication.

Also, DataMiner now supports SAML authentication via Okta.

#### Communication between SLNet and SLAnalytics will now use NATS \[ID_30761\]

Communication between SLNet and SLHelper will now use NATS instead of .NET remoting.

#### Dashboards app - GQI: Enhanced performance when fetching trend statistics \[ID_30783\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when trend statistics are fetched.

#### Automation: Enhanced performance when retrieving large amounts of data via managed DataMiner modules \[ID_30816\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when large amounts of data are retrieved via managed DataMiner modules like SLManagedAutomation or SLManagedScripting.

#### Communication between SLNet and SLHelper will now use NATS \[ID_30845\]

Communication between SLNet and SLHelper will now use NATS instead of .NET remoting.

#### Improved performance when writing and deleting data on Cassandra clusters \[ID_30860\]

Performance has improved for all write and delete queries on Cassandra clusters. This applies to all data handled by the SLDataGateway process, including alarms, trending, element data, etc.

#### Deprecated web pages have been removed \[ID_30877\]

The following web pages have been removed as they are related to deprecated features:

```txt
http://<DMA>/Tools/CustomerLogoCheck.asp
http://<DMA>/Weather/VerifiyWeathericon.html
http://<DMA>/Weather/WeatherIcon.aspx
```

#### Cassandra: Enhanced handling of unsuccessful connection attempts \[ID_30893\]

When SLDataGateway fails to connect to the Cassandra database, from now on, an exception will be thrown after a configured number of connection retries (default: 60).

#### Response that caused an exception will now be added to the text of the exception \[ID_30919\]

When an exception is thrown, from now on, the response that caused the exception will be added to the text of the exception.

#### DataMiner Cube - Router Control: Enhanced highlighting of IO buttons \[ID_30949\]

A number of enhancements have been made to the Router Control app with regard to IO button highlighting.

- When you connected an input to an output with multiple connections to other inputs and the “output first workflow” option was enabled, in some cases, those other connected inputs would no longer be highlighted. From now on, inputs connected to an output will no longer lose their highlighting when you connect a new input to that same output.
- When you selected an input of a matrix that did not have the “output first workflow” option enabled, up to now, the connected outputs would not be highlighted. From now on, these will be highlighted.

#### DataMiner backup: User-generated dashboards now included in 'Configuration Backup' & 'Configuration Backup without Database' \[ID_30957\]

From now on, user-generated dashboards will by default be included in the following types of backups:

- Configuration Backup
- Configuration Backup without Database

#### DataMiner backup: Process Automation data now included in 'Full Backup' \[ID_30999\]

From now on, Process Automation data will be included in the following types of backups:

- Full backup
- Custom backup with “Create a backup of the database” and “Include Process Automation data in backup” options enabled
- Backup via the StandaloneElasticBackup tool

#### DataMiner Cube: Enhanced performance when loading large bookings \[ID_31097\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when large bookings are loaded.

#### DataMiner upgrade packages will now include Microsoft .NET Framework 4.8 \[ID_31120\]

From now on, DataMiner upgrade packages will include Microsoft .NET Framework 4.8, which will be installed automatically on servers on which it has not yet been installed earlier.

> [!NOTE]
> If Microsoft .NET Framework 4.8 had to be installed during the DataMiner upgrade, the DataMiner Agent will automatically be rebooted.

#### SLAnalytics - Automatic incident tracking: Enhancements \[ID_31123\]

A number of enhancements have been made to the automatic incident tracking feature, especially with regard to alarm group management.

#### SLAnalytics - Behavioral anomaly detection: Enhancements \[ID_31151\]

A number of enhancements have been made to the behavioral anomaly detection feature, especially with regard to overall performance during startup or when restarting.

#### SLAnalytics: Enhanced creation and clearance of notice events \[ID_31199\]

Notice events will now be generated to inform users in case of reduced accuracy of an SLAnalytics feature due to e.g. a high CPU, database or memory load. Those events will then automatically be cleared as soon as the CPU, database or memory load drops to a normal level.

Other changes:

- The pattern matching notice events that inform users when the memory limit has been reached will now be cleared as soon as memory usage drops below the limit.
- A notice event will now also be generated when the number of trended numeric parameters is too high to be monitored by behavioral anomaly detection and proactive cap detection. The maximum number of parameters that can be monitored by those features is 100,000. When this limit is reached, the rest of the parameters will be ignored.

#### Cassandra: Enhanced performance when writing data to the database \[ID_31361\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when data is written to a Cassandra database.

#### Enhanced performance when retrieving alarms and information events from the database \[ID_31494\]

Due to a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when retrieving alarms and information events from the database.

#### DataMiner Cube: Enhanced performance when shutting down \[ID_31543\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance of DataMiner Cube has increased when shutting down, especially when connected to a DataMiner System with an Elasticsearch database.

#### NATS will now be installed during a DataMiner upgrade and re-installed during a factory reset \[ID_31568\]

When it has not yet been installed, NATS will now be installed during a DataMiner upgrade, and it will also be automatically re-installed when performing a factory reset using *SLReset.exe*.

Also, when NATS is uninstalled, the *SLCloud.xml* file will now be deleted.

#### Reports & Dashboards: Enhanced generation of PDF reports \[ID_31582\]

PDF reports will now be generated by a new PDF engine.

All reports will now have a new header and footer. Also, reports created by the legacy Reporter app will no longer have bookmarks and will now have a page number in the footer.

#### DataMiner Cube - Booking app: Enhanced layout of booking blocks in timeline area \[ID_31663\]

In the timeline area of the Bookings app, the layout of the blocks that represent bookings has been enhanced.

#### Dashboards: Improved GQI performance with alarms data source \[ID_31708\]

Performance has improved in case a dashboard contains a query data feed (GQI) using alarms as its source.

#### DataMiner Cube: Enhanced performance when logging in and when opening the Protocols & Templates app \[ID_31709\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased during login and when the *Protocols & Templates* app is opened, especially in SRM systems.

#### Visual Overview: Variables not cleared when booking is no longer selected \[ID_31772\]

In Visual Overview, when you select a booking, the *SelectedReservation*, *SelectedReservationDefinition*, *ResourcesInSelectedReservation* and *TimerangeOfSelectedReservation* variables are filled in automatically. However, these should also be cleared again when you clear the selection, and it could occur that this did not happen.

#### DataMiner Cube - System Center: Enhanced Failover configuration window \[ID_31787\]

In the *Agents* section of *System Center*, a number of enhancements have been made to the Failover configuration window.

- The *OK* and *Cancel* buttons have been replaced by *Apply* and *Close* buttons.
- The *Apply* button will only be enabled when changes have been made to the configuration.
- In the configuration window, you will only be allowed to perform one action: switch or apply.
- After you have performed an action, the window will not close automatically. Instead, it will show a message.

#### CefSharp library loaded primarily from MSI installation folder \[ID_31838\]

To download the CefSharp library, DataMiner Cube will now look in the following locations, in the order specified below:

- The location defined in a registry key created by the Cube MSI installation (*HKLM\\SOFTWARE\\Skyline Communications\\DataMiner Cube\\InstallDir*), by default *C:\\Program Files\\Skyline Communications\\DataMiner Cube*
- *%LocalAppData%\\Skyline\\DataMiner*
- *%ProgramData%\\Skyline\\DataMiner*

#### Enhanced logging when importing groups from Azure AD \[ID_31917\]

From now on, more detailed logging will be added to *SLErrors.txt* when groups are being imported from Azure AD.

#### DataMiner Cube - Service & Resource Management: Enhanced performance when opening a visual overview of a service linked to a booking and when updating a bookings list \[ID_32054\]

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when opening a visual overview of a service linked to a booking and when updating a bookings list.

#### Enhanced performance when loading domain users from Azure AD \[ID_32077\]

Due to a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when loading domain users from Azure AD.

#### DataMiner Cube - Services app: Enhanced performance \[ID_32082\]

Due to a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when opening the Services app and when updating data in the services list.

#### Embedded Chromium web browser engine updated to v96 \[ID_32194\]

The embedded Chromium web browser engine in DataMiner Cube has been updated from v81 to v96. This also updates the engine used to generate PDF reports and prevents a possible issue where browser controls would stop rendering after a switch between card tabs.

In addition, when Cube downloads and installs the Chromium engine from the DMA, it will now verify the integrity of the download file.

#### DataMiner Cube - Resources app: Enhanced performance when loading the resource pools and resources \[ID_32211\]

Due to a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when loading all resource pools and resources after opening the Resources app.

#### Elasticsearch: Enhanced data retrieval \[ID_32240\]

A number of enhancements have been made with regard to the retrieval of data stored in Elasticsearch databases.

#### Failover: Enhanced logging \[ID_32265\]

Failover logging has been reviewed. All relevant logging related to switching and Failover setup was moved to INF\|0, ERR\|0 or CRU\|0.

#### Dashboards app: Enhanced performance when retrieving parameter data from elements and services \[ID_32340\]

Due to a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when retrieving parameter data from elements and services.

#### NATS cluster will now update itself automatically \[ID_32424\]

When a DataMiner Agent joins or leaves an existing DataMiner System or when a Failover configuration is set up or ended, from now on, the NATS cluster will automatically update itself.
