---
uid: RemoteLogCollection
---

# Remote Log Collection

The Remote Log Collection feature allows our experts to collect DataMiner log and memory dump files independently, increasing efficiency of investigations.

The packages generated by the [Log Collector tool](xref:SLLogCollector) are automatically transferred to secure storage in the cloud, so that the experts at Skyline Communications have immediate access to them.

To increase transparency, a detailed audit log will be created each time remote log collection is requested (see [Auditing](xref:Auditing)).

## Requirements

To use this feature, your system needs to meet the following requirements:

- Your system must be connected to dataminer.services. For information on how to connect, see [Connecting your DataMiner System to dataminer.services](xref:Connecting_your_DataMiner_System_to_the_cloud).

- Port **5100** must be open for traffic on the **internal network** for the remote log collection to work. If a custom port is configured for the dataminer.services endpoint, this must be open as well. For more information on this endpoint, see [Customizing the dataminer.services endpoint configuration](xref:Custom_cloud_endpoint_configuration).

- The correct versions of specific DxMs must be running on the DataMiner Agents:

  - **All DataMiner Agents** in the system need both **Orchestrator 1.5.4** or higher and **SupportAssistant 1.6.5** or higher.

  - At least one DataMiner Agent with **internet access** (or proxy or DMZ server) in the cluster must have **CloudGateway 2.12.3** or higher.

  The easiest way to install these DxMs is to upgrade all DataMiner Agents to **DataMiner 10.3.12/10.4.0** or higher and install the **Cloud Pack 3.1.5** or higher on the DataMiner Agents with internet access.

   > [!NOTE]
   > If your DMS is already connected to dataminer.services, you can also [update the DxMs via the Admin app](xref:Managing_cloud-connected_nodes#upgrading-nodes-to-the-latest-dxm-versions), **except if your DMS contains one or more DMAs with internet access that have multiple NICs**. For systems with such DMAs, DataMiner 10.3.12/10.4.0 or higher is required, along with the Cloud Pack 3.1.5 or higher on DMAs with internet access. Alternatively, instead of upgrading to DataMiner 10.3.12/10.4.0, you can install the Cloud Pack 3.1.5 or higher on all DMAs and then afterwards uninstall CloudGateway and CloudFeed on the DMAs that do not have internet access. See [uninstalling a program in Windows](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/uninstall-or-remove-apps-and-programs-in-windows-4b55f974-2cc6-2d2b-d092-5905080eaf98).
