---
uid: General_Feature_Release_10.5.12
---

# General Feature Release 10.5.12 – Preview

> [!IMPORTANT]
> We are still working on this release. Some release notes may still be modified or moved to a later release. Check back soon for updates!

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> Before you upgrade to this DataMiner version, make sure **version 14.40.33816** or higher of the **Microsoft Visual C++ x86/x64 redistributables** is installed. Otherwise, the upgrade will trigger an **automatic reboot** of the DMA in order to complete the installation.
>
> The latest version of the redistributables can be downloaded from the [Microsoft website](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist?view=msvc-170#latest-microsoft-visual-c-redistributable-version):
>
> - [vc_redist.x86.exe](https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vc_redist.x86.exe)
> - [vc_redist.x64.exe](https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vc_redist.x64.exe)

> [!TIP]
>
> - For release notes related to DataMiner Cube, see [DataMiner Cube Feature Release 10.5.12](xref:Cube_Feature_Release_10.5.12).
> - For release notes related to the DataMiner web applications, see [DataMiner web apps Feature Release 10.5.12](xref:Web_apps_Feature_Release_10.5.12).
> - For information on how to upgrade DataMiner, see [Upgrading a DataMiner Agent](xref:Upgrading_a_DataMiner_Agent).

## Highlights

- [User-defined APIs: New ResponseHeaders property [ID 43705]](#user-defined-apis-new-responseheaders-property-id-43705)

## New features

#### DataMiner upgrade: New VerifyOSVersion prerequisite will block upgrades on unsupported OS versions [ID 43356]

<!-- MR 10.6.0 - FR 10.5.12 -->

When a DataMiner upgrade is being performed, from now on, the new *VerifyOSVersion* prerequisite will check whether the DataMiner version in the upgrade package supports the version of the operating system that is installed on the DataMiner Agent. If not, the upgrade will be aborted, and the user will be asked to upgrade the operating system.

> [!NOTE]
> Microsoft no longer supports OS versions older than Windows Server 2016 or Windows 10. Hence, these versions will not pass the above-mentioned OS version check.

#### User-defined APIs: New ResponseHeaders property [ID 43705]

<!-- MR 10.6.0 - FR 10.5.12 -->

In the `ResponseHeaders` property of the `ApiTriggerOutput` class, you can now specify the HTTP headers that will be added to the response.

Currently, the following headers are blocked, and will result in an error if you try to set them:

- Access-Control-Allow-Origin
- Access-Control-Allow-Credentials
- Access-Control-Expose-Headers
- Access-Control-Allow-Methods
- Access-Control-Max-Age
- Vary
- Content-Length (automatically set)
- Set-Cookie
- WWW-Authenticate
- Proxy-Authenticate
- Transfer-Encoding
- Connection
- Upgrade
- Trailer
- TE
- Via
- Server
- Date (automatically set)
- Strict-Transport-Security

The endpoint can now also return the following additional errors:

| ErrorCode | Integer value | HTTP Status Code | Description |
|-----------|---------------|------------------|-------------|
| ResponseHeadersNotAllowed | 1012 | 500 | The response header or headers you are trying to return are not allowed. |
| ResponseHeadersInvalid | 1013 | 500 | The response header or headers you are trying to return are invalid. Header names and values cannot contain whitespace, colons (":"), commas (","), or ASCII control characters. The *UserDefinableApiEndpoint* logging will contain the exact error. |

#### Automation: Engine class now exposes the public property ScriptName [ID 43840]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU21] / 10.5.0 [CU9] - FR 10.5.12 -->

From now on, the `Engine` class exposes the public property `ScriptName`.

This means that, in an Automation script, it will now be possible to retrieve the name of that script.

## Changes

### Enhancements

#### Automation, Correlation, and Scheduler: All dashboard reports will now fully be generated by the Web DcM [ID 43762]

<!-- MR 10.6.0 - FR 10.5.12 -->

From now on, all dashboard reports configured in Automation, Correlation or Scheduler will fully be generated by the Web DcM. SLHelper will no longer be involved in any report generation processes.

SLHelper will also no longer convert the reports of the legacy Reporter module to PDF format. From now on, this will also be done by the Web DcM.

#### DataMiner upgrade: Backend browser installation package no longer included in upgrade packages [ID 43771]

<!-- MR 10.6.0 - FR 10.5.12 -->

From now on, DataMiner upgrade packages will no longer include the Puppeteer-Sharp/Chromium browser installation package.

This backend browser, which was used by SLHelper to generate reports and to convert those reports to PDF format, is no longer needed as the new Web DcM will now generate all reports and convert them to PDF format.

#### NATSMigration tool will now also check for outdated DLL files in the ProtocolScripts folder [ID 43778]

<!-- MR 10.5.0 [CU9] - FR 10.5.12 -->

From now on, the *NATSMigration* tool will also check for outdated DLL files in the `C:\Skyline DataMiner\ProtocolScripts` folder.

When an outdated DLL file is found, the migration will be aborted. For the migration to succeed, the user will have to remove the outdated DLL file and update the protocol in question.

### Fixes

#### Alerter would incorrectly require .NET Framework 2.0 [ID 43787]

<!-- MR 10.6.0 - FR 10.5.12 -->

When you tried to install Alerter, in some cases, a warning message would appear, saying that Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0 needed to be installed first.

From now on, when you try to install Alerter, it will check whether Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6.2 is installed.
