---
uid: General_Main_Release_10.1.0_CU4
---

# General Main Release 10.1.0 CU4

> [!NOTE]
> For known issues with this version, refer to [Known issues](xref:Known_issues).

> [!TIP]
> For information on how to upgrade DataMiner, see [Upgrading a DataMiner Agent](xref:Upgrading_a_DataMiner_Agent).

### Enhancements

#### Security enhancements \[ID_29848\]\[ID_29887\]\[ID_29889\]

A number of security enhancements have been made.

#### Dashboards app: Enhanced overflow detection when generating PDF reports \[ID_28985\]

Due to a number of enhancements, overflow detection has improved when generating PDF reports.

#### SLWatchdog: Notification enhancements \[ID_29697\]

A number of enhancements have been made with regard to notifications generated by the SLWatchDog process.

#### DataMiner Cube - ListView component: Enhancements \[ID_29761\]

A number of enhancements have been made to the ListView component, especially with regard to list updates after rows were added, updated or removed.

#### DataMiner Cube: 'Not applicable' replaced by 'N/A' when displaying alarm statistics while the alarm storm protection mode is active \[ID_29771\]

When, in Visual Overview or the Surveyor, alarm statistics were displayed while the alarm storm protection mode was active, up to now, the number of alarms would be replaced by “Not applicable”. From now on, the number of alarms will be replaced by “N/A” instead of “Not applicable”.

#### DataMiner Cube - Service & Resource Management: Enhanced performance when fetching initial data \[ID_29799\]

Due to a number of enhancements, overall performance of the different Service & Resource Management modules has increased, especially when fetching initial data.

#### Inter-DMA communication: Enhanced automatic HTTP port detection \[ID_29834\]

Up to now, when port 80 (HTTP) was unavailable between DataMiner Agents, connections between the DataMiner Agent modules on the different servers would only work after the ConnectTimeout setting had been increased. From now on, when auto-detecting the target port (via port 80 or 443) fails, the connection attempt will continue on default port 8004.

Also, a number of additional options were added to the connection string configuration (SLNetClientTest \> Advanced \> Edit Connection Strings):

- The “To” field can now contain wildcards (\* or ?). If there is no exact match, the settings of the record in question will then apply to all matching destinations. If more than one wildcard entry matches a destination, the behavior is undefined.

- The connection string can now be set to “auto://nodetect” in order to skip the auto-detection of the target SLNet port and automatically default to 8004. When port 80 is blocked between agents, the 15-second autodetection timeout will then be skipped.

#### DataMiner Cube - Bookings app: Enhanced performance of the bookings timeline \[ID_29876\]

Due to a number of enhancements, overall performance of the bookings timeline has been increased.

#### LogCollector: Enhanced handling of long file paths \[ID_29910\]

When, during the creation of a dump file, SLLogCollector encountered a file of which the path was longer than 256 characters, up to now, an error would be thrown and the entire dump operation would fail. From now on, when SLLogCollector encounters a file of which the path was longer than 256 characters, it will exclude that file, and continue creating the dump file.

Also, when in the registry of a Windows 10 version 1607 or above the LongPathsEnabled option is set to 1 in Computer\\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SYSTEM\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\FileSystem, SLLogCollector will now accept file paths that are longer than 256 characters.

#### SLManagedAutomation: Locking mechanism will now prevent exceptions from being thrown when reading or writing items in the dummies collection \[ID_29930\]

In an Automation script, every Engine object contains a collection of “dummies”. Each of these dummies represents an element and can be used to interact with that element. When an Automation script wants to interact with an element that is not yet available in the dummies collection, a new dummy is created.

Up to now, exceptions could be thrown when multiple threads were trying to read or write items in the dummies collection. Now, a locking mechanism has been added to prevent multiple threads from interfering with each other while accessing the dummies collection.

#### SLSNMPManager: Enhanced logging \[ID_29935\]

In order to determine the root causes of certain SNMP-related issues, the SLSNMPManager error logging has been enhanced.

This enhanced logging will especially be helpful when investigating the “Unable to set the destination IP” error.

#### SLElement: Enhanced memory usage when processing service impact data \[ID_29948\]

Due to a number of enhancements, overall memory usage of SLElement has increased, especially when processing service impact data.

Also, a small memory leak was fixed in elements contained within services.

#### New BPA tests added to default test set \[ID_30010\]

The following new BPA tests have been added to the default test set:

- Minimum Requirements Check

- Report Active RTE

- View Recursion

### Fixes

#### Service & Resource Management: Problem when trying to retrieve a resource with status 'Maintenance' or 'Unavailable' \[ID_29511\]

Due to a serialization issue involving the AvailableTo and AvailableFrom properties of the GetResourceMessage, in some cases, it would not be possible to retrieve a resource with status “Maintenance” or “Unavailable”.

#### DataMiner Cube - Surveyor: Newly created elements located in multiple views would incorrectly only appear in one of those views \[ID_29544\]

When you created a new element located in multiple views, in some rare cases, it would incorrectly only appear in one of those views. Only when you reconnected Cube would the element be displayed in all views in which it was located.

#### Problem when using GetPropertyValueMessage to request properties from an element or service hosted on a DMA other than the one to which you were connected \[ID_29655\]

When GetPropertyValueMessage was used to request properties from an element or service that was hosted on a DataMiner Agent other than the one to which you were connected, in some cases, no response would be returned.

#### DataMiner Cube - Trending: Color icons missing from trend graph legend \[ID_29718\]

When you opened a trend group with several graphs, in some rare cases, color icons would be missing from the trend graph legend.

#### Manually clearing a clearable alarm on a single-value parameter would incorrectly set the alarm state of the parameter to 'undefined' instead of 'normal' \[ID_29745\]

When you manually cleared a clearable alarm on a single-value parameter, the alarm state of the parameter would incorrectly be set to “undefined” instead of “normal”.

#### DataMiner.xml: \<NetworkAdapters> tag not correctly applied when a network adapter did not have a current IP address assigned \[ID_29759\]

In the DataMiner.xml file, you can use the \<NetworkAdapters> tag to override the order of the network adapters on a DataMiner Agent.

Up to now, when one of the adapters had an IP address defined in the Windows Registry but had no current IP address assigned, in some cases, an incorrect order could get applied in DataMiner.

#### DataMiner Cube - Alarm templates: Problem with overlapping time frames when the end time of a schedule entry was set to midnight \[ID_29772\]

When configuring schedules in alarm templates, in some cases, entries could have overlapping time frames, especially when the end time of one of those entries was set to midnight.

#### DataMiner Cube - Visual Overview: Field and FieldID placeholders could not be used by a Visio file assigned to a view enhanced with EPM data \[ID_29790\]

When a view was enhanced with EPM data and had a Visio file assigned to it, in some cases, the Visio file assigned to that view would not be able to use the Field and FieldID placeholders.

#### DataMiner Cube: Problem when pressing the Back button during logon \[ID_29808\]

When you pressed the Back button while logging on, in some cases, an error could occur in the logon screen, forcing you to restart Cube.

#### Monitoring app: Service child pop-up pages without parent page could not be opened \[ID_29816\]

When, for an element included in a service, only parameters from one of its pop-up pages were included and none of that pop-up page’s parent page, then that parent page would not be included in the service and there would be no way to access the pop-up page. From now on, in cases like this one, pop-up pages of service children will be added to the Monitoring app’s side panel after all other pages.

#### Legacy Reporter app: Problem when trying to display a trend graph for a table column parameter \[ID_29818\]

When the legacy Reporter app had to display a trend graph for a table column parameter, in some cases, a “no trend graph is available” message would incorrectly appear instead, especially when that table column parameter had both average and real-time trending enabled on certain rows.

#### DataMiner Cube: Problem with SLSpectrum when closing a spectrum element card \[ID_29824\]

In some cases, an error could occur in SLSpectrum when you closed a spectrum element card.

#### Not all references to child elements were removed from the original DMA after a DELT migration of main DVE elements \[ID_29831\]

After a DELT migration of main DVE elements from one DMA to another, in some cases, not all references to the child elements would be removed from the original DMA.

#### SLDataGateway: Problem when creating a job queue \[ID_29837\]

In some rare cases, SLDataGateway would throw a null reference exception when creating a job queue.

#### DataMiner Cube - Visual Overview: Problem when opening a visual overview that contained a filtered table \[ID_29846\]

In some cases, DataMiner could become unresponsive when you opened a visual overview that contained a filtered table.

#### Mobile apps: Selection box values would be ellipsed even when there was ample space to fully display them \[ID_29850\]

In the mobile apps (e.g. Jobs, Ticketing, etc.), in some cases, selection box values would be ellipsed even when there was ample space to fully display them.

#### DataMiner Cube - Trending: 'Exclude gaps' option would not work when exporting average trend data \[ID_29870\]

When you exported average trend data to a CSV file with the *Exclude gaps* option enabled, the gaps would incorrectly not be excluded.

#### Masking monitored column parameters that were not in an alarm state would not cause them to get marked as being masked \[ID_29871\]

When you masked a monitored column parameter that was not in an alarm state, it would incorrectly not get marked as being masked.

#### DataMiner Cube: Problem when opening the Services app \[ID_29884\]

In some cases, opening the Services app could take a long time due to a problem while loading the SRM icons.

#### Dashboards app - PDF reports: Toggling the 'Include feeds' option would disable the 'Create' button \[ID_29920\]

When, in the PDF preview window, you toggled the *Include feeds* option multiple times in a row, in some cases, the *Create* button would get disabled.

#### SLAnalytics: Memory spikes when requesting trend predictions \[ID_29925\]\[ID_29983\]

In some cases, large memory spikes would occur in the SLAnalytics process when requesting trend predictions for parameters with a small polling interval that did not receive regular (non-exception) parameter value updates in the real-time trend data history.

#### DataMiner Cube - Alarm Console: Problem with automatic removal of information events \[ID_29928\]

Due to a problem with the mechanism that automatically removes information events from the *Information events* tab page, in some cases, DataMiner Cube could become unresponsive when too many information events were being received.

#### DataMiner Cube - Services app: Functions not loaded in service definition diagrams \[ID_29954\]

When you opened a service definition in the Services app, in some cases, the functions would not get loaded into the service definition diagram.

#### DataMiner Cube could become unresponsive when you opened the Services app \[ID_30001\]

When you opened the Services app, in some cases, Cube could become unresponsive.

#### DataMiner Cube - Visual Overview: Booking placeholder would not update correctly when it was not able to resolve the booking ID at initialization \[ID_30011\]

When, at initialization, a booking placeholder was not able to resolve its booking ID to an actual GUID, any updates to that placeholder would not be processed correctly.

#### DataMiner Cube - Bookings app: Memory leak in bookings list \[ID_30048\]

When an item was removed from the bookings list, it could occur that the item was not removed from memory.

#### DataMiner Cube - Services app: Profile parameters not displayed when clicking a node of a service definition \[ID_30059\]

When, in the Services app, you clicked a node of the service definition, in some cases, the profile parameters would not be displayed. Also, it would not be possible to select a profile instance for that node.

#### Problem when masking DVE elements containing table parameters \[ID_30084\]

When an element is masked, DataMiner will mask all parameters of that element. Table parameters will be masked as a whole, meaning that column parameters will not be masked individually. However, in case of DVE elements, a column parameter can be exported as a separate, standalone DVE parameter. So, here, a column parameter can be masked individually as the rest of the table is not part of the DVE element.

Up to now, when an entire table had been exported to a DVE element, and that DVE element was masked, then DataMiner would incorrectly mask the table as a whole as well as each column individually, leading to double masking.

From now on, when an entire table was exported to a DVE element, the column parameters will no longer be masked individually. The default table masking procedure will be applied.
