---
uid: SRM_Services_definitions
---

# Using the definitions tab

In the *definitions* tab of the Services module, a navigation pane on the left shows a tree view of available service definitions, while the pane on the right shows detailed information and configuration options for a selected service definition.

The navigation pane consists of two tabs:

- The *Recent* tab lists the following service definitions:

  - all service definitions that were modified during the last 7 days

  - all service definition templates (marked with a different icon containing a **T**)

  At the bottom of this pane, there are also two buttons, which can be used to delete a selected service definition or add a new service definition.

  From DataMiner 9.6.6 onwards, the icon in the top-right corner of the tab allows you to toggle grouping of template service definitions and regular service definitions. This option is also available via the context menu of the tab.

  > [!NOTE]
  > Deleting service definitions is not possible until DataMiner 9.5.11.

- The *All* tab allows you to filter the list of service definitions by specifying a time range and a filter. In the filter box, you can enter the following:

  - a regular expression (preceded by the prefix “regex:”)

  - a service definition GUID

  > [!NOTE]
  > To perform an inverted search, put an exclamation mark in front of your search string.

To create a new service definition, click the *Add definition* button in the navigation pane. To edit an existing service definition, select it in the navigation pane. In either case, you will then be able to configure the service definition in the service definition pane on the right.

This service definition pane consists of a header section at the top, with three tabs below it. Configure the service definition in this pane as specified below, and then click the *Save all changes* button in the lower right corner.

## Header section

In the header section of the service definition panel, you can specify the following:

- **Name**: The name of the service definition.

- **Description**: A general description of the service definition.

- **Type**: Displayed from DataMiner 10.2.4/10.3.0 onwards. Indicates the type of service definition, which can be *SRM*, *Skyline Process Automation* or *Custom Automation*. By default, when you create a new service definition, type is set to *SRM*. At present, you cannot modify this within the DataMiner Cube UI.

  > [!NOTE]
  > Service definitions of type *Skyline Process Automation* cannot be duplicated.

- **Template**: This checkbox determines whether the service definition is considered to be a template or not. If a service definition is configured as a service definition template, it will be treated differently while scripts to create bookings are running. This option is particularly useful in case the service definition is systematically modified during the script, in order to reduce the required resources.

- **Visio**: Allows you to select the Visio file that will be used for services generated for this service definition. Either select one of the available files in the drop-down list, or click *New upload* to add a new file.

  > [!NOTE]
  > If a default Visio file has been specified for a service definition, assigning a different Visio file to a specific generated service is only possible from DataMiner 9.5.7 onwards. Customizing the Visio file for a specific generated service is only possible after a different Visio file has been assigned to the service.

## Configuration tab

On this page, you can configure the different virtual functions in the service that will be generated by the *Services* module when a booking is made, and determine how the virtual functions are connected.

To do so:

1. From the *Functions* list on the left-hand side of this tab, which lists all virtual function definitions available in the system, drag and drop the necessary virtual function definitions to the diagram pane on the right.

   The virtual function definitions you added will serve as nodes in the diagram, representing the virtual functions in the service.

1. In the diagram pane, drag and drop the nodes to the appropriate positions, and then click and drag from interface to interface to create connections between them.

   > [!NOTE]
   >
   > - You will only be able to connect interfaces that are compatible according to the corresponding profile definitions. 
   > - From DataMiner 10.2.0/10.1.3 onwards, you can edit existing connections between node interfaces by dragging and dropping the endpoint of a selected connection to a different endpoint.

1. You can then further refine the created setup if necessary:

   - To further refine parameters for a particular node, select the node, and, in the lower right corner, specify a label and optionally specify a default profile instance, the profile instance assignment mode (from DataMiner 10.0.9 onwards), and parameter values. See [Service Orchestration profile instances configuration](xref:Service_Orchestration_profile_instances).

     > [!NOTE]
     > Parameter profiles are created in the *Profiles* module. See [Configuring profile parameters](xref:Configuring_profile_parameters).

   - To add properties to a particular node, interface or connection, select the node, interface or connection in the diagram, and, in the *properties* tab in the lower right corner, click the *Add* button and specify the property.

     > [!NOTE]
     > From DataMiner 9.5.5 onwards, when you add properties to service definition objects in Cube, these properties are also added in *PropertyConfiguration.xml*. Only properties in that file are visible in the UI. If you add properties via Automation scripts, these will remain hidden from the user if they are not defined in *PropertyConfiguration.xml*.

   - To define logical groups of nodes:

     1. Right-click the diagram and select *Configure groups*.

     1. Click *Add group*.

     1. Specify the group name, select the nodes to add to the group, and click OK.

     Nodes that belong to particular groups will be displayed with colors matching these groups. The group colors are shown in a legend below the diagram.

     > [!NOTE]
     > Node grouping is no longer used in recent versions of the SRM framework. Other than the visual grouping in the Services app, it no longer serves any purpose.

## Properties tab

The second tab of the service definition pane can be used to manage properties of the service definition itself.

- To add a property, click the *Add* button in the lower right corner, and specify the property.

- To remove a property, select it in the list of properties and click the *Delete* button.

## Actions tab

The third tab of the service definition pane allows you to specify Automation scripts (i.e. [LSO scripts](xref:srm_scripting#life-cycle-service-orchestration-lso-script)) that should run when the service based on the service definition gets a specific service state:

1. Click the *Add* button in the lower right corner.

1. In the *Name* column, select a service state, e.g. *START*, *STANDBY*, *PAUSE*, *STOP*, or *RETIRE*. The script will run when the service enters that state.

1. In the *Script* column, select the LSO script.

1. In the *Description* column, specify an optional description.

To remove one of the added scripts, select it and click the *Delete* button in the lower right corner.

## Profiles tab

This tab is available from DataMiner 9.6.5 onwards. It allows you to link profile definitions to the selected service definition.

In the *Add service profile* drop-down box, all profile definitions configured in the *Profiles* module are available.

To link the selected service definition with a profile, select one of the profile definitions in the drop-down box and click *Add*. However, note that this change will only be saved if the profile is linked to at least one of the parameters in the diagram.

Below the drop-down box, a list is displayed of the profiles that have already been linked to the selected service definition and of the parameters in these profiles. An “x” icon to the right of each profile name allows you to remove the profile from the service definition.
