---
uid: Web_apps_Feature_Release_10.5.6
---

# DataMiner web apps Feature Release 10.5.6

This Feature Release of the DataMiner web applications contains the same new features, enhancements, and fixes as DataMiner web apps Main Release 10.4.0 [CU15] and 10.5.0 [CU3].

> [!NOTE]
> For known issues with this version, refer to [Known issues](xref:Known_issues).

> [!TIP]
>
> - For release notes related to the general DataMiner release, see [General Feature Release 10.5.6](xref:General_Feature_Release_10.5.6).
> - For release notes related to DataMiner Cube, see [DataMiner Cube Feature Release 10.5.6](xref:Cube_Feature_Release_10.5.6).

## Changes

### Enhancements

#### NotifyMail.html: Updated report footer [ID 42568]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

In the `C:\Skyline DataMiner\NotifyMail.html` file, i.e., the email report template, the report footer has been updated to `Generated by DataMiner`.

#### Low-Code Apps - Interactive automation scripts: Default width of the redesigned UI components aligned with that of the legacy UI components [ID 42583]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

The default width of all the redesigned UI components has now been aligned with that of the legacy UI components.

Currently, by default, the legacy components will still be used by default. If you want to use the new components, then add the following argument to the URL of the low-code app:

`?useNewIASInputComponents=true`

#### Low-Code Apps - Interactive automation scripts: Redesigned UI component 'CheckBoxList' [ID 42641]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

The UI component `UIBlockType.CheckBoxList` has been redesigned.

Currently, by default, the existing components will still be used by default to keep the UI aligned. If you want to use the new components, then add the following argument to the URL of the low-code app:

`?useNewIASInputComponents=true`

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps - Query builder: No longer possible to drag and drop items from certain data sources [ID 42652]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

When building a GQI query, it is no longer possible to drag and drop items from the following data sources:

- Get object manager instances
- Get parameters from elements where
- Get profile instances

#### Web API: More information will now be logged when an error occurs while generating a PDF report [ID 42698]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

From now on, more information will be logged when an error occurs while generating a PDF report.

### Fixes

#### Low-Code Apps - Interactive automation scripts: Redesigned UI components 'Calendar' and 'Time' would incorrectly disregard the configured default time zone [ID 42440]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

Up to now, when a default time zone was configured for the web apps, the redesigned UI components `UIBlockType.Calendar` and `UIBlockType.Time` would incorrectly disregard that default time zone. Instead, they would show the time in the time zone of the web session, and when they returned the client date/time, the time would not match the time they displayed.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps: Dashboard or low-code app would incorrectly be updated before a newly added component had been loaded [ID 42593]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

Up to now, when you had added a component to a dashboard or a low-code app, in some cases, the dashboard would be updated before the new component had been loaded.

From now on, the dashboard or the low-code app will only be updated when the component has been loaded.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps: Problem when a Dropdown component was linked to a query that received its data from another component [ID 42609]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

When you had linked a *Dropdown* component to a query that received its data from another component, in some cases, the *Dropdown* component would execute the query even when the query was configured to show nothing when no data is being passed to it.

Also, when you had linked a *Dropdown* component to a query that received its data from another component, in some cases, the *Dropdown* component could get stuck in a loading state.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps - Image component: Problem when trying to upload an image file of which the extension contained one or more uppercase letters [ID 42638]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

When, in an *Image* component, you tried to upload an image file of which the extension contained one or more uppercase letters, an error would be thrown.

#### Visual Overview in the web apps: Problem when using load balancing [ID 42650]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

When load balancing was being used for Visual Overview in the web apps, in some cases, a particular user session could request a visual overview from an incorrect DataMiner Agent.

#### Low-Code Apps: Users without edit permission would incorrectly have access to edit and delete options in the right-click menu of an app [ID 42660]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

Up to now, when you did not have permission to edit a low-code app, on the DataMiner root page, the app's right-click menu would incorrectly include options to edit or delete that app. From now on, only people with edit permission will have access to those options.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps - Timeline component: Scrollbar would incorrectly cause timeline items to move to the left [ID 42681]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

When a scrollbar was displayed in a *Timeline* component, the timeline items would incorrectly move a few pixels to the left, causing them to show an incorrect start time and end time.

#### Low-Code Apps: Not possible to pass data from a Trigger component on one panel to a component on another panel [ID 42714]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

When a *Trigger* component on one panel was linked to a component on another panel, in some cases, no data could be passed from the *Trigger* component to the other component.

#### Dashboards app: Problem after generating a PDF report [ID 42732]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

In some cases, a null reference exception could be thrown after a PDF report had been generated.

#### Low-Code Apps: Problem when passing multiple types of data to components on another panel [ID 42742]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

When a component passed different types of data to components located on another panel, not all types of data would get consumed correctly.

#### Dashboards app: Problem when a dashboard was shared for the first time [ID 42756]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

The first time a dashboard was shared, in some rare cases, the operation could fail.

#### Dashboards app: 'Start with example dashboard' button could get stuck in a loading state [ID 42771]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

In some cases, the *Start with an example dashboard* button could get stuck in a loading state.

#### Low-Code Apps: Component actions would not be triggered when the panel containing the component was opened by clicking or double-clicking a node of a 'Node edge graph' component [ID 42801]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 -->

When, in a low-code app, clicking or double-clicking a node of a *Node edge graph* component opened a panel with a component on which actions were configured, those actions would incorrectly not get triggered.

#### Web Services API v1: Problem with GetAlarms method [ID 42818]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 [CU0] -->

In some cases, using the *GetAlarms* method to, for example, retrieve history alarms could cause the web services API to leak memory.

#### Dashboards app & Low-Code Apps - Query filter component: Problem when filtering a query containing a numeric discreet [ID 42856]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 [CU0] -->

When a *Query filter* component was used to filter a query that contained a numeric discreet, it would incorrectly show that an active filter was applied.

Also, when the component's query columns would then be used to filter a table, these columns would incorrectly all be grayed out as if they were filtered.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps - Timeline component: Timeline items would incorrectly no longer be stuck to the edge of the timeline when grouped [ID 42860]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU15] / 10.5.0 [CU3] - FR 10.5.6 [CU0] -->

When, in a *Timeline* component, items had been grouped, the sides of those items would incorrectly no longer be stuck to the edge of the timeline. Instead, they would go out of view. From now on, when items are grouped, they will again be stuck to the edge of the timeline.
