---
uid: Web_apps_Feature_Release_10.5.11
---

# DataMiner web apps Feature Release 10.5.11

This Feature Release of the DataMiner web applications contains the same new features, enhancements, and fixes as DataMiner web apps Main Release 10.4.0 [CU20] and 10.5.0 [CU8].

> [!NOTE]
> For known issues with this version, refer to [Known issues](xref:Known_issues).

> [!TIP]
>
> - For release notes related to the general DataMiner release, see [General Feature Release 10.5.11](xref:General_Feature_Release_10.5.11).
> - For release notes related to DataMiner Cube, see [DataMiner Cube Feature Release 10.5.11](xref:Cube_Feature_Release_10.5.11).

## Highlights

- [DOM definition-level security app [ID 43622]](#dom-definition-level-security-app-id-43622)
- [New Web DcM will now by default generate all PDF reports [ID 43439] [ID 43674]](#new-web-dcm-will-now-by-default-generate-all-pdf-reports-id-43439-id-43674)
- [Dashboards/Low-Code Apps - Timeline component: Anchoring & virtual bound locking [ID 43740]](#dashboardslow-code-apps---timeline-component-anchoring--virtual-bound-locking-id-43740)

## New features

#### New Web DcM will now by default generate all PDF reports [ID 43439] [ID 43674]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

In the Dashboards app as well as in the Automation, Correlation, and Scheduler modules, from now on, the PDF reports will be generated by the new Web DcM instead of by SLHelper. As a consequence, PDFs are now rendered at a higher DPI, allowing more content per page. In addition, generating multiple pages goes much faster. For example, 20 pages now take around 12 seconds instead of 50.

Also, this new Web DcM will now be used instead of SLHelper to launch web pages in back-end browsers when e.g. sharing dashboards.

> [!NOTE]
>
> - The Web DcM only works in conjunction with DataMiner Agents running DataMiner 10.5.0 or later.
> - The legacy Reporter will continue to use SLHelper to generate PDF reports.

#### DataMiner web apps authentication page: Help menu added [ID 43485]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When, in the footer of the DataMiner web apps authentication page, you click the *Help* button, a help menu with the following items will now appear:

- Community

  - [Blog](https://aka.dataminer.services/blog)
  - [Suggest feature](https://aka.dataminer.services/feature-suggestions)
  - [Questions](https://aka.dataminer.services/questions)

- [Documentation](https://aka.dataminer.services/DocsDataMinerServices)
- [Status](https://aka.dataminer.services/status)
- [Feedback](https://aka.dataminer.services/feedback-other)
- [Support](https://aka.dataminer.services/contacting-tech-support)

> [!NOTE]
> The [Status](https://aka.dataminer.services/status) link will only resolve if the DataMiner Agent is connected to dataminer.services.

#### DataMiner landing page: Help menu added [ID 43583]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

The DataMiner landing page (by default accessible via `https://<DMA IP or hostname>/root`) now has a help menu with the following items:

- Community

  - [Blog](https://aka.dataminer.services/blog)
  - [Suggest feature](https://aka.dataminer.services/feature-suggestions)
  - [Questions](https://aka.dataminer.services/questions)

- [Documentation](https://aka.dataminer.services/DocsDataMinerServices)
- [Status](https://aka.dataminer.services/status)
- [Feedback](https://aka.dataminer.services/feedback-other)
- [Support](https://aka.dataminer.services/contacting-tech-support)

> [!NOTE]
> The [Status](https://aka.dataminer.services/status) link will only resolve if the DataMiner Agent is connected to dataminer.services.

#### DOM definition-level security app [ID 43622]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

A new web app now offers you a user-friendly UI to configure DOM definition-level security settings.

To access this web app, go to `https://<DMA IP or hostname>/dom`.

In the app, by default, no rules will be applied, meaning that all users will have full access to all DOM modules. They will all be allowed to create, read, update, and delete DOM definitions in all available DOM modules.

When you set a particular DOM module to "Restrict access", the list of DOM definitions in that module will open, and no one will have access to the module. Granting a user group full access to a DOM definition will grant all users in that group permission to read, update, and delete that DOM definition.

The security configuration of a particular DOM module will be considered valid if at least one user group has full access to at least one definition in that module. Also, users will only be able to apply changes to the security settings of a particular DOM module when none of the DOM modules contain invalid settings.

When a user applies changes to a DOM module, that module will reinitialize itself.

> [!NOTE]
>
> - This app only works in conjunction with DataMiner Agents running at least Main Release version 10.6.0 or Feature Release version 10.5.10.
> - This app is only accessible to users with the following user permission: *Modules > System configuration > Object Manager > Module settings*.
> - In DataMiner Cube, this app can be accessed via *System Center > DOM*.
> - You can embed this app in a low-code app by specifying a URL like `https://<DMA IP or hostname>/dom/#/?embed=true` in a *Web* component. Also, when you embed this app in a low-code app, you can make it show specific DOM modules by adding the IDs of those modules in the URL. See the following example: `https://<DMA IP or hostname>/dom/#/?embed=true&moduleIds=myDomModule1,myDomModule2,myDomModule3`.

See also: [DataMiner Object Models: Definition-level security [ID 43380] [ID 43589]](xref:General_Feature_Release_10.5.10#dataminer-object-models-definition-level-security-id-43380-id-43589)

#### GQI DxM: Using debug builds of GQI extension libraries [ID 43693]

<!-- MR 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

It is now possible to use debug builds of GQI extension libraries. Up to now, it was only possible to use release builds.

Debug build of an extension library can be created using either the Automation module in DataMiner Cube or the DataMiner Integration Studio (DIS). Once a debug build is created, you can then attach a debugger to the specific `DataMiner.GQI.ExtensionsWorker.Automation.exe` process, and debug the code that is executed while running the queries.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps - Timeline component: Anchoring & virtual bound locking [ID 43740]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When creating a template for the *Timeline* component, it is now possible to anchor rectangular shapes (i.e. layers of type *Rectangle*) to the sides of the component and to lock shape dimension settings to the virtual bounds of the component.

##### Anchoring

- If *Rectangle* shapes are linked to the width of a specific column, you can now select whether the background color representing the linked column is anchored to the left (default) or to the right.
- If *Rectangle* shapes are linked to the height of a specific column, you can now select whether the background color representing the linked column is anchored to the bottom (default) or to the top.

##### Virtual bounds locking

The *Lock* icon, which can be used to lock one or more dimension settings of a particular shape (i.e. layer) to the visual bounds of the component, can now also be used to lock these settings to the virtual bounds of the component.

To do so, keep the CTRL button pressed while clicking the *Lock* icon. The icon will then take the accent color (blue) to indicate that virtual bound locking is enabled.

Functionally, this ensures that when virtualization is supported (e.g. in the timeline) shapes (i.e. layers) will align to the virtual boundary rather than the visible shape boundary, allowing them to extend outside the visible area (i.e. viewport). This way, time-based elements such as pre-roll and post-roll bars that extend beyond the viewport can be visualized.

> [!NOTE]
> Virtual bounds locking of the Width dimension is only possible when the unit is set to percent.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps: Component ID will now be displayed in the Layout tab of a component [ID 43760]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When, in edit mode, you select a component, and go to the *General* section of the *Layout* tab, you will now be able to see the component ID.

> [!NOTE]
> This component ID will only be visible when you added the `showAdvancedSettings=true` option to the URL of the dashboard or the low-code app.

#### GQI DxM: A unique trace ID will now be logged for every incoming GQI request [ID 43795]

<!-- MR 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

From now on, using the default log configuration, a unique trace ID will be logged for every incoming GQI request. See the following example:

`[2025-09-19 15:49:34.344][INF][GQI.MessageBroker.MessageBrokerConnectionService][OpenSession#18] Request trace: 26ce9840ce4de64225859549ca04de0f`

This trace will then be propagated to every SLNet request (see note below) triggered by this GQI request using the `TraceInfo` property.

The request ID (i.e. `#18` in the example above) can be used to find other log entries related to the same trace.

> [!NOTE]
>
> - Currently, certain built-in data sources that use the raw SLNet connection will not be traced.
> - If GQI extensions create their own SLNet connection, requests sent via that connection will not be traced.
> - If GQI extensions fill in their own `TraceInfo`, this will not be overwritten.

## Changes

### Enhancements

#### GQI DxM: Enhanced detection of extension libraries and automatic reloading of associated extension workers [ID 43604]

<!-- MR 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

New extension libraries will now be detected asynchronously. Also, when a new version of an existing library is detected, from now on, the associated extension worker will be reloaded to avoid dependency conflicts.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps - Maps component: Specifying line color conditions in the query filter [ID 43617]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

From now on, map lines can be colored by specifying a color condition in the query filter.

- When a color condition is specified in the query filter, any conditional coloring configured in the *Layout* pane of the *Maps* component will be disregarded until the query filter is removed.

- If the query filter contains multiple color conditions, only the first color condition will be applied. Because a line can only have one color, all other color conditions will be disregarded.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps - Grid component: Enhanced default selection behavior [ID 43625]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

A number of enhancements have been made to the default selection behavior of the *Grid* component.

When, after a reload, no items are selected (because none were selected before the reload or because the items selected before the reload are no longer displayed), from now on, the *Select first item by default* setting will be applied.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps - Table & Maps components: 'Old column' renamed to 'Unknown column' and 'Old query' renamed to 'Unknown marker' or 'Unknown line' [ID 43630]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

In the configuration settings of a *Table* component, up to now, templates for columns that had been removed would be named "Old column". From now on, they will be named "Unknown column" instead.

In the configuration settings of a *Maps* component, up to now, settings for markers or lines that had been removed would be named "Old query". From now on, they will be named either "Unknown marker" or "Unknown line" instead.

#### Low-Code Apps: 'Clear selection' component action now available in more components [ID 43635]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

Up to now, the *Clear selection* component action could only be configured for the *Table* and *Node edge graph* components. From now on, it will also be possible to configure this component action for the following components:

- *Dropdown*
- *Grid*
- *List*
- *Maps*
- *State* (for queries and tables only)
- *Timeline*
- *Tree*

> [!NOTE]
> The *Dropdown* component will not clear the selection when its *Clear selection* option is disabled.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps: Default number of columns on dashboards and low-code app pages has been increased to 50 [ID 43655]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

Dashboards and pages of low-code apps are made up of a number of columns that help you place components in an orderly fashion.

The default number of columns has now been increased to 50.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps: Standard Skyline themes now have a default title font size of 14px [ID 43661]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

In all standard Skyline themes, the default title font size has been reduced from 16px to 14px.

#### Web apps: Message that indicates that the WebSocket connection was dropped will only appear when the first reconnection attempt also failed [ID 43664]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

Up to now, whenever the WebSocket connection was (briefly) dropped, a `Connection has been interrupted.` message would appear.

From now on, this message will only appear when the first attempt to re-establish the WebSocket connection also failed. This first reconnection attempt will now be made after 1 second.

#### GQI DxM: Message that appears when a GQI operator or data source was not able to find a column will now also indicate the GQI operator or data source in question [ID 43706]

<!-- MR 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When a GQI operator or data source was not able to find a column, up to now, the error message would only indicate the column that could not be found. It would incorrectly not indicate the GQI operator or the data source. From now on, the error message will also indicate the GQI operator or data source that was not able to find the column in question.

#### GQI DxM: Extension indexer process will now load assemblies without locking the associated DLL files [ID 43707]

<!-- MR 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

The GQI DxM has an indexer process that loads Automation script libraries and their dependencies to detect GQI extensions.

Up to now, once this indexer process had loaded an extension library, no other process was authorized to change or delete the associated DLL file until the indexer process exited. This could cause issues when the Automation module attempted to delete existing script libraries, even if they were never actually used as a GQI extension library.

From now on, the GQI extension indexer process will load an assembly by reading the bytes from the DLL file in memory. That way, the file handle can be released as soon as the bytes have been read.

> [!NOTE]
> Currently, the extension worker process still holds a lock on the associated DLL file when it is active.

#### GQI DxM: Message handler will now by default allow 100 concurrent requests [ID 43730]

<!-- MR 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

Up to now, the message handler of the GQI DxM would by default allow 20 concurrent requests. This has now been increased to 100 concurrent requests.

#### Web apps: User picture will now be cached on the client machine [ID 43737]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

From now on, the user picture will be cached on the client machine. This will prevent having to repeatedly fetch the picture from the server each time you open the user menu or a component displaying the user icon.

#### Web apps: Enhanced performance because of changes made to css files [ID 43781]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

Because of a number of changes made to the css files, overall performance of the web apps has increased.

### Fixes

#### Users with the 'User must change password at next login' setting enabled would incorrectly not be able to log on to the web apps [ID 43590] [ID 43745]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When, in DataMiner Cube, users had the *User must change password at next login* setting enabled, up to now, they would incorrectly not be able to log on to the web apps as they were not able to change their password when logging on.

From now on, when you try to log in to a web app with an expired password, a message will appear, saying that your password has expired. You will then be able to enter a new password and log in again.

> [!NOTE]
> This will not work with user passwords that expired in Microsoft Windows as DataMiner is not able to authenticate such users.

#### Web apps: Default time zone specified in ClientSettings.json file would incorrectly be disregarded when clicking 'Now' in the redesigned datetime picker component [ID 43632]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When you clicked the *Now* button in the redesigned datetime picker component, the component would incorrect not take into account the default time zone that was specified in the *ClientSettings.json* file.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps: Problem when entering a negative number in a numeric filter box [ID 43649]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When you entered a negative number in a numeric filter box, the filter would clear itself while you were typing.

#### DataMiner landing page would no longer list any custom static apps [ID 43656]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

The DataMiner landing page (by default accessible via `https://<DMA IP or hostname>/root`) would incorrectly no longer list any custom static app.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps: About box would not scale correctly [ID 43668]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

Up to now, when you opened the *About* box, in some cases, it would not scale correctly.

From now on, when you open the *About* box on a mobile device, the versions will be displayed in one column instead of two. Also, the *Contact us* button has been removed, and will now be integrated into the app's header.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps: 'Browse templates' components list would incorrectly not show custom component names [ID 43702]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

As soon as at least two templates are being used by *Grid*, *Maps*, *Table* or *Timeline* components on a dashboard or low-code app, the *Browse templates* button allows you to open a window in which you can import a template from another component to override the template of the component you are configuring.

Up to now, the *Grid*, *Maps*, *Table* or *Timeline* components listed in that window would incorrectly always be identified by their component ID (e.g. "Table 2"), even if their *Configuration name* setting contained a custom component name.

#### Low-Code Apps - Execute component action: Custom component names were not displayed correctly when they had just been updated [ID 43710]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When, in edit mode, you opened the *App settings* window, clicked *Configure actions*, and then selected *Execute component action*, custom component names would not be displayed correctly when they had just been updated.

#### Dashboards app: Exporting trend graphs to CSV would fail while generating an email report [ID 43712]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When you generated an email report of a dashboard that contained a trend graph with the *Include CSV* option enabled, up to now, the email would incorrectly not contain any CSV file.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps - Maps component: Problem when switching from markers to lines [ID 43735]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When, after adding a GQI data source to a *Maps* component, you switched from markers to lines while the marker configuration section was open, a number of run-time errors would be thrown.

#### GQI DxM: Responses on SLNet requests from a GQI DxM extension instance would incorrectly stay in memory until that instance was destroyed [ID 43738]

<!-- MR 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

Up to now, responses on SLNet requests from a GQI DxM extension instance would incorrectly stay in memory until that extension instance was destroyed.

#### Low-Code Apps: Incorrectly configured 'Change variable' action would cause run-time errors to get thrown [ID 43743]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When no variable had been specified in a *Change variable* action, up to now, a run-time error would be thrown each time the action was triggered.

From now on, each time a *Change variable* action without a variable gets triggered, a popup window will appear, indicating that the action has not been configured correctly.

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps: Problem when passing the contents of query rows to an ad hoc data source [ID 43772]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When the contents of a query row was passed to an ad hoc data source, in some cases, data in columns of type numeric, boolean or datetime would not get passed correctly.

#### Low-Code Apps: Problem with search box when going from edit mode to draft mode and back [ID 43775]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When, in edit mode, you searched for a panel, switched to draft mode, navigated to a page, and then returned to edit mode, up to now, the search input would incorrectly still display the previous search results.

#### Interactive Automation scripts: Problem with arrow buttons in redesigned components [ID 43786]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When, in a dashboard or a low-code app, you ran an interactive Automation script that used the redesigned components, up to now, clicking an arrow button in a component would incorrectly not trigger the focus event. As a result, the `OnFocusLost` event would not work either.

To use the redesigned components, add the following argument to the URL of the dashboard or low-code app:

`?useNewIASInputComponents=true`

#### Dashboards/Low-Code Apps - Button panel component: Buttons would incorrectly start to flicker when set to 'Enabled' [ID 43790]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 [CU20] / 10.5.0 [CU8] - FR 10.5.11 -->

When a button on a *Button panel* component was set to its "Enabled" state, it would incorrectly start to flicker.
