---
uid: General_configuration_of_Correlation_rules
---

# General configuration of Correlation rules

In the *Correlation* module in Cube, select a rule in the tree view pane on the left in order to configure it in the details pane on the right.

> [!NOTE]
> - For more information on how to add a Correlation rule, see [Adding a new Correlation rule](xref:Adding_a_new_Correlation_rule).
> - As soon as there are unsaved changes in a rule, “*\[modified\]*” is added to the rule name in the tree view pane, as a reminder in case you navigate to a different rule. However, note that if you close the *Correlation* module, such changes will not be saved. To make sure changes to a rule are saved, click the *Apply* button.

- In the top-left corner of the pane, select *Enable this rule* to enable a Correlation rule. By default, new rules are disabled.

  > [!NOTE]
  > Before you can enable a Correlation rule, certain minimum requirements must be met. For more information, see [Adding a new Correlation rule](xref:Adding_a_new_Correlation_rule).

- In the *General* section, next to *Name*, enter a new name for the Correlation rule. By default, new rules are simply called “Correlation rule”.

- In the *General* section, click *Show details* to specify the general properties of a Correlation rule:

  - **Description**:

    A short text that describes the Correlation rule.

  - **Accept Correlation alarms**:

    Select this option to allow the Correlation rule to be triggered by Correlation alarms.

    > [!NOTE]
    > Be careful about using this option: depending on your alarm filter settings and rule conditions, it could cause an endless loop where the Correlation rule is triggered and generates a correlated alarm, which then in turn triggers the rule again so that the same occurs over and over.

  - **Accept information events**:

    Select this option to allow the Correlation rule to be triggered by information events.

    > [!NOTE]
    > Like with the previous option, this could potentially cause an endless loop. If you select this, make sure there are no information events generated by the Correlation rule that can in turn trigger the rule again.

  - **Correlate across DMAs**:

    If you select this option and select a particular DMA in the selection box on the right, then only the selected DMA will be allowed to evaluate the Correlation rule you are creating. This means that the selected DMA will check the rule against all alarms generated in the DataMiner System, including alarms from other Agents.

    By default, this option is not selected, and every DMA in the DataMiner System checks the enabled Correlation rule against the alarms associated with its locally managed elements. This means that the rule is applied separately on each DMA in a cluster, using only the alarms of the local DMA.

    > [!NOTE]
    > - If you want the rule to be able to combine base alarm events from multiple Agents in a DMS, you must enable this option.
    > - If this option is enabled, the rule will only work if the selected DMA is running.

    > [!TIP]
    > See also: [Which DMA handles which rule?](xref:About_DMS_Correlation#which-dma-handles-which-rule)

- To have a new correlation alarm created for every change to an alarm, in the *Alarm filter* section, select *Trigger on single events. Don’t maintain active tree status*. If you do not select this option, the same Correlation alarm will be updated for every new status.

  > [!NOTE]
  > This setting is important for Correlation rules that use a number of separate alarm events as the trigger. If the option is not selected, recurring alarms that are contained within the same alarm tree will not be considered to be separate events.
