---
uid: SRM_2.0.3
---

# SRM 2.0.3

> [!NOTE]
> This version requires that **DataMiner 10.4.9.0 – 14794 or higher** is installed. The DataMiner Main Release track is not supported.

## New features

#### New parameter to control the maximum number of simultaneously running LSO scripts [ID 43595]

Previously, when a large number of bookings were executed simultaneously, this could cause the SLAutomation process to become unresponsive. To prevent this, a new *Maximum Simultaneous LSO scripts* parameter is now available in the *Config* tab of the Booking Manager, which controls how many scripts can be executed at the same time. The maximum value of the parameter is 200, its default value is 100. This way, you can adjust the limit based on the requirements of your specific setup.

## Enhancements

### Changes

#### Improved implementation of service deletion when booking fails [ID 41816]

When a booking is created with the option *CreateInAdvance* set to true, a service is created during booking creation. If the booking creation fails, the service is deleted. From now on, DataMiner will wait to delete the service until the booking is deleted, so that when the same booking is created immediately afterwards on another DMA, this cannot cause an issue because the service has not yet been deleted there.

#### Canceling a booking now deletes the service when necessary [ID 41898]

If a booking is interrupted after it has already started, the corresponding service is not deleted and end actions do not run. However, up to now, if the booking then got canceled instead of rescued, the service was not deleted until a user manually removed it. Now if a booking is canceled in such a case, the service will be deleted, so that the manual removal is no longer required. Note that this does not apply for persistent services.

#### Service properties now registered using background task [ID 42491]

If the option to copy a custom property to the service is enabled, when the booking starts, booking properties will now be set on the service and registered in DataMiner using a background task, so that this does not affect the timing of the booking start.

#### SRM Function Resources Consistency BPA test improvement [ID 43463]

The *SRM Function Resources Consistency* BPA test has been improved so it will retrieve elements more efficiently, which will improve performance and significantly reduce the number of SLNet log entries while maintaining the desired functionality.

### Fixes

#### Functions package installation failure because of long names within package [ID 42187]

When a functions package generated by the SRM framework was installed, it could occur that certain archives failed to be installed because of long file paths, e.g., `System Cache\SRM FunctionImport\AppearTVX20Platform_AppearX20IPInputFunction(AppearTVX20Platform)_1.0.0.14\Scripts\Dlls\skyline.dataminer.core.dataminersystem.automation\1.0.1.4\lib\net462\Skyline.DataMiner.Core.DataMinerSystem.Automation.dll`.

To resolve this issue, GUIDs will now be used for protocol names, function names, profile definitions, and profile parameter names when an entry name within the zip archive is generated. However, the original names will still be preserved inside the JSON object, so that this change will not affect the functionality.

#### Problem when deleting service when booking failed to be created [ID 42758]

When a booking failed to be created, but the corresponding service had already been created (because the Permanent Bookings feature was enabled), up to now, a service deletion request was sent to the Agent where the script was running. However, if the service had been created on another Agent, this could cause issues because the Agent where the script was running did not know the service yet. To resolve this issue, the service deletion request will now be sent to the Agent where the service is hosted.

#### Booking could leave quarantine without all mandatory resources [ID 43631]

If the *QuarantinedResources* list was cleared by a custom script before the request to leave quarantine was sent, it could occur that a booking left quarantine even though it did not have all mandatory resources.
