---
uid: SRM_1.2.26
---

# SRM 1.2.26

> [!NOTE]
> This version requires that **DataMiner 10.2.7 or higher** is installed. It is not compatible with the DataMiner Main Release track.

## New features

#### Alarm hyperlinks for Skyline Booking Monitor connector [ID_33461]

The Skyline Booking Monitoring connector will now automatically create hyperlinks that allow you to go directly to the Booking Manager from an alarm generated by this connector.

#### New methods to support late binding of virtual functions in LSO [ID_33531]

Two new methods are now available in LSO scripts that can be used for late binding of virtual functions.

```csharp
public void LinkElement(int dmaId, int elementId);
```

- Links a virtual resource with the provided element.

- Parameters:

  - dmaID: The ID of the DMA running the element.
  - elementId: The ID of the element.

```csharp
public void UnlinkElement();
```

- Removes the link of virtual resource to the current element.

For example:

```csharp
var bookingManagerInfo = engine.GetScriptParamValue("Booking Manager Info", rawValue => JsonConvert.DeserializeObject<BookingManagerInfo>(rawValue));
var reservationGuid = engine.GetScriptParamValue<string>("ReservationGuid");
var enhancedAction = new LsoEnhancedAction(engine.GetScriptParamValue<string>("Action"));

var srmBookingConfig = new SrmBookingConfiguration(reservationGuid, bookingManagerInfo, enhancedAction.Event, engine);
var resource = srmBookingConfig.GetResource("Decoding");

if (enhancedAction.Event == Skyline.DataMiner.Library.Solutions.SRM.Model.Events.SrmEvent.START)
{
       var allDecoders = engine.FindElements(ElementFilter.ByProtocol("Ericsson RX8200"));
       var elementToLink = allDecoders[RandomNumber.GetRandomNumber(0, allDecoders.Length)];

       resource.LinkElement(elementToLink.DmaId, elementToLink.ElementId);
       resource.ApplyProfile("Apply");
}
else
{
       resource.ApplyProfile("Apply");
       resource.UnlinkElement();
}
```

#### New CheckDveInconsistency BPA test [ID_33541]

A new BPA test, *CheckDveInconsistency*, is now available, which will detect inconsistencies between resource objects and the Generic DVE table of the corresponding main element.

## Changes

### Enhancements

#### 'Leave interrupted state' feature improved [ID_28472]

Previously, when a booking was made to leave the interrupted state, it was rescheduled to the immediate future, which could cause booking actions to fail depending on how much time had elapsed compared to the original timing of the booking.

Now this feature has been refined as follows:

- If the originally planned post-roll phase would already have started, it will not be possible to rescue the booking.

- Otherwise, all missed events will be rescheduled with a rescheduling delay. The initial timing of each future event will be retained as much as possible and all events will start after at least the rescheduling delay has elapsed.

- If necessary, the booking will be extended to keep the initial post-roll duration. A warning will also be displayed in case the quarantine would be triggered with the current configuration.

#### LSO script exceptions now contain more info [ID_33297]

To ensure that when something goes wrong with an LSO script, the exception that is thrown will have information about the issue, LSO scripts are now called with the option *EXTENDED_ERROR_INFO*.

#### Support for new booking instance types [ID_33409]

Support has been added for the following booking instance types:

- Standard (SRM)
- Resource Scheduling
- Resource Orchestration

The corresponding ReservationInstanceType enum has been made available in the Booking Manager API and in the Skyline Booking Manager connector.

Changing the booking instance type changes the default service definition type.

#### Wait time added when importing Automation scripts [ID_33683]

To make sure function protocols are available in time during an import, a wait time of 5 seconds has now been implemented when Automation scripts are imported.

#### Support for script DLLs in SRM configuration import/export [ID_33699]

The SRM configuration import/export feature now also supports script DLLs. For this, the scripts must be located in the folder `C:\Skyline DataMiner\ProtocolScripts\DllImport`.

> [!NOTE]
> Make sure that you use short paths, as exceptions may be thrown if the path is too long.

### Fixes

#### Problem importing multiple functions and scripts using those functions [ID_33734]

When a functions file contained multiple functions and scripts using those functions, it could occur that those scripts could not be compiled correctly.
