---
uid: SRM_2.0.2
---

# SRM 2.0.2

> [!NOTE]
> This version requires that **DataMiner 10.4.9.0 – 14794 or higher** is installed. The DataMiner Main Release track is not supported.

## New features

#### New rescue option for interrupted booking [ID 39357]

When DataMiner is stopped during the end time of a running booking, the booking will be in the *Interrupted* state once DataMiner has restarted. Previously, it was then only possible to clean up the service and its contributing resource (if any) by canceling and then deleting the booking. Now, you can instead select *Rescue* to clean the service and contributing resource (if any). You can then either leave the booking as it is for reference or select *Leave Failure State* to set the booking to *Completed*, as if it had been executed without issues.

#### Possibility to specify post-roll time when modifying a permanent booking [ID 40481]

When the timing of a permanent booking was changed, up to now, it was not possible to specify a post-roll time. Now if a permanent booking is changed so that it finishes at a specified time, a post-roll time can also be specified. Note that this is currently only possible using scripting, because in the UI you can only finish a permanent booking but not change its end time.

#### SRM Framework Configuration BPA test now also monitors SRM logging [ID 40798]

The *SRM Framework Configuration* BPA test has been updated to improve the monitoring  of log files generated by the SRM framework, specifically when the logging directory is set to use local disk storage.

Although the Skyline Booking Manager connector allows you to periodically clean up old log files, this option is often not configured. Therefore, to prevent the system from running out of local disk space or creating too many files, the BPA test will now provide the following alerts:

- An error when no log cleanup action has been configured.
- A warning when the directory contains over 25,000 files.
- A warning when the directory exceeds 1 GB of storage.
- An error when the directory contains over 100,000 files.
- An error when the directory exceeds 5 GB of storage.

## Enhancements

### Changes

#### CommitReservation method improved [ID 40064]

The *CommitReservation* method has been updated so that it now always waits for an ongoing booking to be ongoing again after an update. This prevents possible issues with resource swapping for ongoing bookings.

#### Number of SRM booking log files limited in log collector configuration [ID 40320]

In the SLLogCollector configuration, a limit has been introduced of at most 2000 booking log files for SRM. This means that log packages will now only include the 2000 most recently updated SRM booking log files.

#### SkipServiceHandling automatically enabled + SRMServiceInfo objects no longer used [ID 40666]

The *SkipServiceHandling* option of Resource Manager, which is available from DataMiner 10.4.9/10.5.0 onwards<!-- RN 39939 -->, will now be automatically enabled during the startup of the Booking Manager element. This will improve the performance of the SRM framework.

In addition, in order to no longer rely on *SRMServiceInfo* objects, which are no longer needed, the framework has been extended to no longer create or update those objects.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> In existing setups, you will need to run the *SRM_MigrateSrmServiceInfo* script to adjust the *SRMServiceInfo* objects.

#### Maximum pre-roll and post-roll duration increased to 7 days [ID 40907]

Previously, the pre-roll and post-roll duration was limited to a maximum of one day. Now, the Skyline Booking Manager connector supports a maximum value of 7 days instead. All default SRM wizards have also been updated accordingly.

#### SRM_ImportFunctions improvements [ID 40964]

The behavior of the *SRM_ImportFunctions* script has been adjusted as follows when protocol functions are imported:

- When no functions exist for a protocol, the import will take the functions with the provided version.
- When functions already exist for a protocol, the import will consider only functions that have a version superior to the existing version, if the function is different from the current function.
- When functions already exist for a protocol, and the provided import does not have all the active functions, the ones from the import will be concatenated with the existing active functions.

#### Skyline Booking Manager: Debug logging removed for QActions 330 and 548 [ID 41118]

The Skyline Booking Manager connector will no longer add debug logging for QActions 330 and 548. This will prevent unnecessary log entries from being added and improve the overall clarity of the logging when the log type is set to "Debug".

### Fixes

#### Penalty Box filter not applied when Booking Manager dashboard was reopened [ID 39527]

Up to now, it could occur that the Penalty Box filter for services in the Booking Manager dashboard was not restored when the dashboard was reopened.

#### Imported element not included in SRM service [ID 39615]

When elements had been imported from a different DataMiner Agent, it could occur that these could not be included in an SRM service.

#### False-positive error reported by SRM Function Resources Consistency BPA test [ID 39619]

When the DMA ID of the parent of a resource was different from the DMA ID of the corresponding function DVE, the *SRM Function Resources Consistency* BPA test could report a false-positive error.

#### Booking with multiple layers of contributing bookings not restored correctly after timing update failed [ID 40466]

When the timing was updated for a booking containing multiple layers of contributing bookings, and the update failed for one of the contributing bookings, it could occur that the booking was not restored correctly.

#### Booking with property configured with 'Copy to Service' and integer value failed to start [ID 41031]

If a booking had a property configured with the "Copy to Service" feature and an integer as value, it could occur that the booking could not start. Service creation failed because a null value was passed instead of the integer when the property was added to the service, and then the validation to see if the value was OK also failed, causing the booking to go into the Failed state.
