---
uid: SRM_project_config_using_CICD
---

# SRM project configuration using CI/CD

When you implement [an SRM project](xref:About_SRM), we highly recommend that you create a repository containing all custom components deployed on top of the SRM framework (function definitions, service definitions, custom scripts, Visio drawings, etc.). This facilitates the development process and the deployment of the project on any cluster.

This section describes the features that are available with relation to this today and how you can make use of them.

## Components

The SRM framework eases the extraction and the deployment of the components listed below associated with a given Booking Manager element. All remaining components must be deployed using custom code.

- Booking Manager settings (with custom element Visio drawing, alarm template, and trend template).

- Parent view of the Booking Manager.

- Custom actions (with associated views and Visio drawing).

- Custom scripts defined in the Booking Manager.

- Booking Monitoring element (with alarm template and trend template).

- Pools without resources.

- Service definition and associated components:

  - System and protocol function definitions (function, script, profile definition, and parameters).

  - Visio drawing.

  - Custom script (DTR, Created Booking Action, etc.).

  - Inheritance pools and included resources.

  - Custom profile parameters.

## Configuration extraction

In case the project is already deployed on a DMA, it is possible to trigger an extraction from the Booking Manager and generate an archive that can serve as a starting point to create the repository:

1. In the Booking Manager app, go to *Config* > *Backup*.

1. In the *Full Configuration Settings* section, click *Export*.

## Creating the repositories

Two repositories should be used:

- A **Companion Files** repository, which stores all custom SRM components. It can also include extra components; however, deploying those extra items will require custom code in the deployment script.

- A **Package** repository, which points to the companion file repository and optionally contains extra items such as protocols.

To create the repositories:

1. Create a "Companion Files" repository and clone it.

1. In the repository, add an "SRM" folder (inside a "Content" folder) and include the files from the extracted archive (see [Configuration extraction](#configuration-extraction)).

1. Commit and push the repository.

1. Create a "Package" repository.

1. In the manifest file of the repository, add the reference to the Companion Files repository.

   For example:

   ```xml
   <!-- ... -->
   <Content>
       <CompanionFiles>
           <CompanionFile>
           <RepoPath>CompanionFiles\Customers\Ziine\Ziine SatUplink</RepoPath>
           <Version>
               <Selection>
               <Range triggerPackagePipelineOnChange="false" rangeSelection="latestRelease">1.0.0.X</Range>
               </Selection>
           </Version>
           </CompanionFile>
       </CompanionFiles>
   </Content>
   <!-- ... -->
   ```

1. In the "Install" Automation script of the "Package" repository, add the necessary steps to import the SRM configuration:

   1. Add the *SLC.SRM.Installer* NuGet package (available on <nuget.org> ) to the "Install" project.

   1. In the code of the "Install" script, reference the *Skyline.DataMiner.Srm.AppPackageInstaller* namespace.

   1. In the "Install" method, add the following lines:

      ```csharp
      var srmInstaller = new SrmInstaller(engine, context);
      srmInstaller.ImportSrm();
      ```

## Installing the package

1. Make sure the [SRM framework package is deployed](xref:deploying_srm) on the target cluster.

1. Open the [SLNetCLientTest tool](xref:Opening_the_SLNetClientTest_tool).

   > [!WARNING]
   > Always be extremely careful when using this tool, as it can have far-reaching consequences on the functionality of your DataMiner System.

1. Go to *Advanced* > *Apps* > *AppPackages*.

1. Click *Upload Package* and select the package generated by the CI/CD pipeline.

1. Select the newly uploaded package in the list and click *Install Package*.
