---
uid: General_Main_Release_10.0.0_CU13
---

# General Main Release 10.0.0 CU13

> [!NOTE]
> For known issues with this version, refer to [Known issues](xref:Known_issues).

> [!TIP]
> For information on how to upgrade DataMiner, see [Upgrading a DataMiner Agent](xref:Upgrading_a_DataMiner_Agent).

### Enhancements

#### Schedule configuration of BPA tests \[ID_29000\]

On the *Agents* > *BPA* page in System Center, you can now schedule when a BPA test should run. In the drop-down box in the *Schedule* column, you can select to run a test at different intervals, e.g. daily or every 12 hours.

#### Enhanced performance when assigning alarm templates with conditions used in multiple rules \[ID_29109\]

Due to a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when assigning an alarm template to an element, especially when that alarm template contains conditions that are used in multiple rules.

#### SLLogCollector tool can now be accessed via the DataMiner Taskbar Utility \[ID_29154\]

You can now open the SLLogCollector tool by selecting *Launch \> Tools \> SLLog Collector* in the DataMiner TaskBar Utility.

#### DataMiner Cube: Warning message will now appear when you duplicate an SNMPv3 element from another DMA \[ID_29192\]

When you duplicate an SNMPv3 element from a DMA other than the one to which you are connected, from now on, a message box will appear, saying that you have to re-enter the SNMPv3 credentials for the newly created element.

> [!NOTE]
> No such message will be displayed when using either a credential library or the NoAuthNoPriv security level.

#### Enhanced loading and initializing of alarm templates \[ID_29236\]

A number of enhancements have been made with regard to the loading and initializing of alarm templates.

#### '!! No link found for xxx\[xx\] -> xxxx' errors will now be logged in SLErrorsInProtocol.txt instead of SLErrors.txt \[ID_29264\]

Up to now, when a “!! No link found for xxx\[xx\] -> xxxx” error was generated by SLElement, that error would be logged in SLErrors.txt. From now on, this type of errors will be logged in SLErrorsInProtocol.txt instead.

#### SLElement: Enhanced error handling \[ID_29270\]

A number of enhancements have been made to the error handling in SLElement.

#### DataMiner Cube: Filter box in Documents app & Documents card pages \[ID_29298\]

In the *Documents* app and the *Documents* card pages, a filter box now allows you to filter the list of documents.

#### Enhancements to prevent 'Messages have gone lost, making the connection invalid' errors from being thrown \[ID_29304\]

A number of enhancements have been made to prevent “Messages have gone lost, making the connection invalid” errors from being thrown.

#### DataMiner Cube: Enhancement made to 'Skyline Black' theme \[ID_29370\]

A number of enhancements have been made to the “Skyline Black” theme, especially with regard to readability in the *Database* section of *System Center*.

#### 'Saving report...' entry will no longer be added to SLWatchdog.txt when a Watchdog report has successfully been saved \[ID_29379\]

From now on, when a Watchdog report has successfully been saved, no “Saving report...” entry will be added to the SLWatchdog.txt log file anymore.

#### Enhanced performance of file synchronization operations \[ID_29401\]

When the internal file change repository of the SLDMS process reached a considerable size, up to now, overall performance of the file synchronization operations would decline.

Due to a number of enhancements, overall performance of the file synchronization operations has now been optimized.

### Fixes

#### DataMiner Cube: 'Migrate booking data to Indexing Engine' button would still be displayed after the booking data had already been migrated \[ID_28813\]

In DataMiner Cube, clicking the *Migrate booking data to Indexing Engine* button starts a wizard that allows you to migrate booking data from the Cassandra database to the Indexing database. In some cases, this button would incorrectly still be displayed after the booking data had already been migrated.

#### DataMiner Cube - Visual Overview: Element shapes would incorrectly not inherit the service context of their parent element shape \[ID_28867\]

Up to now, an element shape that was a child of another element shape would not inherit the service context of its parent.

From now on, an element shape that is a child of another element shape will inherit the service context of its parent when it does not have a service context of its own.

#### DataMiner Cube: Linked alarm tab would not show all alarms after all cards had been closed & no context menu when right-clicking an app in the Cube header search box \[ID_28893\]

When you closed all cards while a linked alarm tab was open in the Alarm Console, that linked alarm tab would not show all alarms. Instead, it would incorrectly keep the last card you closed as a filter.

Also, when you searched for an app using the search box in the Cube header, right-clicking the app in the search results would not open its context menu.

#### Dashboards app: Multiple parameter feeds in PDF reports would incorrectly also show all selected parameter indices \[ID_28978\]

When you generated a PDF report with the options “No grouping” and “Include feeds” enabled, in some cases, multiple parameter feeds would not only show the selected parameters, but incorrectly also all selected parameter indices.

#### DataMiner Cube - Automation: Discarding a newly created script would not delete it \[ID_29032\]

When you discarded a newly created Automation script, in some cases, it would incorrectly not be deleted although it had disappeared from the UI. As a result, trying to create a new script with the same name would fail.

#### No trigger keys listed when debugging a QAction due to a compatibility issue between DataMiner and DataMiner Integration Studio \[ID_29049\]

Due to a compatibility issue between DataMiner and DataMiner Integration Studio, in some cases, when debugging a QAction, the *Trigger key* box in the *DIS Inject* window would incorrectly not list any trigger keys.

#### SNMPAgent: Engine ID and engine boots counter of local agent would incorrectly be cleared when the users were cleared \[ID_29081\]

Up now on, when an SNMP agent cleared the users during the re-initialization of the SNMP forwarding, the engine ID and the engine boots counter of the local agent would incorrectly be cleared as well. From now on, when an SNMP agents clears the users, it will ignore the engine ID and engine boots counter of the local agent.

#### SLNet.txt log file would contain irrelevant log entries \[ID_29120\]

From now on, the following irrelevant entries will no longer be added to the SLNet.txt log file:

```txt
DmaConnections|Unexpected filter type: SubscriptionFilter\`2
```

```txt
Unexpected filter type: Skyline.DataMiner.Net.SubscriptionFilters.SubscriptionFilter\`2[XXXX,XXXXXX]
```

#### UDP smart-serial server would receive an empty package each time a new client started sending data to it \[ID_29166\]

When multiple clients were sending data to a smart-serial UDP server, that server would incorrectly receive an empty package each time a new client started sending data.

#### DataMiner Cube - EPM: No longer possible to unmask items in a topology diagram or alarms in the Alarm Console \[ID_29173\]

In an EPM environment, in some cases, it would no longer be possible to manually unmask items in a topology diagram or alarms in the Alarm Console.

#### DataMiner Cube: Table columns with a width set to 0 in the protocol would incorrectly be visible \[ID_29196\]

In DataMiner Cube, in some cases, table columns of which the width was set to 0 in the protocol would incorrectly be visible.

#### Problem in SLNet could cause DataMiner to restart \[ID_29229\]

In some rare cases, an error occurring in SLNet could cause DataMiner to restart.

#### DataMiner Cube: Problem when exporting tables to function DVE protocols \[ID_29266\]

When a table is exported to a function DVE protocol, some of the columns can optionally be left out. In some cases, especially when the omitted columns appeared before the primary key or display key columns, DataMiner Cube would interpret the data incorrectly.

#### DataMiner Cube - System Center: Incorrect counter values on Agents \> BPA page \[ID_29271\]

In *System Center*, on the *Agents \> BPA* page, in some cases, the displayed counters would show incorrect values.

#### Problem at DataMiner startup due to an invalid loop in the view hierarchy \[ID_29307\]

On DataMiner startup, in some cases, an error could occur when an invalid loop was found in the view hierarchy. From now on, when an invalid view loop is found, an error mentioning the incorrectly configured views will be logged.

#### Problem with SLDataMiner when an element was stopped \[ID_29327\]

In some cases, an error could occur in SLDataMiner when an element was stopped.

#### DataMiner Cube - Alarm Console: Correlation sources would no longer be updated \[ID_29330\]

When one of the sources of a correlation alarm (group) was updated, in some cases, the update would not be reflected in the Alarm Console. When you opened the correlation alarm (group), the previous alarm source would incorrectly still be shown.

#### Dashboards app: Web components would not load HTTPS-only websites when the Dashboards app was being used with HTTP \[ID_29352\]

When the Dashboards app is being used with HTTP instead of HTTPS (which is not recommended), then it also loads all web component URLs using HTTP, even when they are configured to use HTTPS. As a result, up to now, websites only accessible using HTTPS could not be loaded.

From now on, it will also be possible to load websites only accessible using HTTPS when the Dashboards app is being used with HTTP.

#### Legacy Reporter app: Status query report with table parameters exported to a CSV file would contain tables within table cells \[ID_29355\]

When, in the legacy Reporter app, you generated a report containing a status query with a number of table parameters and exported it to a CSV file, full tables would end up in status query cells.

From now on, when you export a status query report containing table parameters to a CSV file, the data in the table parameters will be exported to separate CSV files as before, but it will no longer appear inside status query cells.

#### Using an NT_EDIT_PROPERTY (62) call to update an alarm property of a DVE element would fail when no element ID was specified \[ID_29358\]

When an alarm property of a DVE element was updated using a SetDataMinerInfoMessage of type 62 (NotifyType.EditProperty) without specifying the element ID, the request would fail with an “element is unknown” error.

#### Dashboards app - CPE feed: Selection box contained too much data \[ID_29377\]

Due to incorrect filtering, in some cases, the selection box in the CPE feed would contain too much data.

#### DataMiner Cube: Problem when selecting a value from a drop-down parameter in a custom context menu of a table \[ID_29383\]

If a parameter of type “drop-down” in a custom context menu of a table retrieved its values from a dependency parameter, in some cases, the first time a value was selected, the selection would not be applied.

#### Legacy Reporter: Status query would no longer show alarm colors \[ID_29516\]

In the legacy Reporter app, in some cases, the status query would no longer show alarm colors.
