---
uid: General_Feature_Release_10.3.1
---

# General Feature Release 10.3.1 – Preview

> [!IMPORTANT]
> We are still working on this release. Some release notes may still be modified or moved to a later release. Check back soon for updates!

> [!TIP]
>
> - For release notes related to DataMiner Cube, see [DataMiner Cube 10.3.1](xref:Cube_Feature_Release_10.3.1).
> - For information on how to upgrade DataMiner, see [Upgrading a DataMiner Agent](xref:Upgrading_a_DataMiner_Agent).

## Highlights

*No highlights have been selected for this release yet*

## Other features

#### SLNetClientTest tool - 'Connect' window: Enhanced 'Connection Type' and 'Authentication' sections [ID_34712]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 - FR 10.3.1 -->

In the *SLNetClientTest* tool, to connect to a DataMiner Agent, you select *Connection* > *Connect*, and specify the necessary information in the *Connect* window. That window has now been updated.

In the *Connection Type* section, you now have to indicate how the connection has to be established:

| Select...              | in order to... |
|------------------------|----------------|
| Autodetect             | connect to the local machine or a remote machine using the method that will be detected automatically. |
| gRPC                   | connect to the local machine or a remote machine via the APIGateway service using the GRPCWeb protocol.<br>When you choose this option, you can specify a custom port (default: `443`) and a custom endpoint (default: `/APIGateway`). |
| .NET Remoting (legacy) | connect to the local machine or a remote machine using .NET Remoting.<br>When you choose this option, you can specify a custom port (default: `8004`) |
| IPC (only local)       | connect to the local machine using IPC. |

In the *Authentication* section (formerly known as *User Info* section), you now have the following authentication options:

- Single sign-on

    > [!NOTE]
    > External authentication not yet supported.

- Explicit credentials (with *Force Authenticate Local User* option)

- Ticket

> [!WARNING]
> Always be extremely careful when using this tool, as it can have far-reaching consequences on the functionality of your DataMiner System.

## Changes

### Enhancements

#### Enhanced parameter locking in SLElement [ID_34688]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 - FR 10.3.1 [CU0] -->

In SLElement, a number of enhancements have been made with regard to parameter locking.

#### SLLogCollector now also collects DxM version info and APIGateway app settings [ID_34701]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

SLLogCollector packages will now also include:

- Version information of all DataMiner Extension Modules (DxM).
- The appsettings.json file of the APIGateway service.

#### Elasticsearch: Sending a GetInfoMessage of type 'IndexingConfiguration' with an invalid DataMiner ID will now only return the Elasticsearch configuration of the local DMA [ID_34774]

<!-- MR 10.1.0 [CU22]/10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

When a *GetInfoMessage* of type "IndexingConfiguration" was sent containing an invalid DataMiner ID, up to now, the Elasticsearch configuration of all DMAs would be returned.

From now on, when the DataMiner ID in a *GetInfoMessage* request of type "IndexingConfiguration" is invalid, only the Elasticsearch configuration of the local DMA will be returned instead.

#### DataMiner upgrade: Enhanced method to delete locked files [ID_34779]

<!-- MR 10.1.0 [CU22] / 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

When, during a DataMiner upgrade, an attempt was made to delete files that were locked by certain processes, up to now, that attempt would fail, causing those files to remain on the system until the next upgrade.

From now on, when an attempt to delete a file during a DataMiner upgrade fails, the extension of that file will be replaced by `.SLReplace` and, later on in the upgrade process, the file will then be deleted by SLHelper.

#### Size of log entries in log files generated by SLLog will now be limited [ID_34801]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

In log files generated by SLLog, the size of the entries will now be limited:

- Messages will be trimmed to 5120 characters.
- Methods will be trimmed to 200 characters.
- Program names will be trimmed to 200 characters.

> [!NOTE]
> Method data typically also includes the process and thread IDs.

#### Web apps now support trending of string parameters and exceptions [ID_34836]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

Web apps now support trending of string parameters and exceptions.

#### GQI: Enhanced performance when retrieving DomInstances that have a DomBehaviorDefinition [ID_34853]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 - FR 10.3.1 -->

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when retrieving DomInstances that have a DomBehaviorDefinition.

#### Dashboards app & low-code apps: Icon component [ID_34867]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 - FR 10.3.1 -->

The new icon component allows you to display an icon on a dashboard or a low-code app.

### Fixes

#### SLDMS would leak memory when processing a large number of distribution traps [ID_34525]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

Up to now, SLDMS could leak memory when it had to process a large number of distribution traps. From now on, the number of distribution traps that can be processed by SLDMS will be limited to 250,000. When SLDMS notices that the queue of distribution traps has reached 250,000, it will reject new traps until the number of traps in the queue has dropped to 100,000.

#### Cassandra cluster migration: Enhanced performance of SLElement when migrating alarms [ID_34668]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance of SLElement has increased when migrating alarms during a Cassandra cluster migration.

#### Dashboards app - Time range feed: Quick pick buttons would not be displayed in the correct order [ID_34759]

<!-- MR 10.1.0 [CU22] / 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

When a time range feed was configured to show quick pick buttons, those buttons would not be displayed in the correct order. From now on, quick pick buttons will be displayed in chronological order.

#### Web apps - Interactive Automation scripts: All other tree view components in a dialog box would incorrectly collapse when you selected an item in a tree view component [ID_34773]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

When, in a dialog box of an interactive Automation script, you selected an item in a tree view component, other tree view components on that dialog box would incorrectly collapse.

#### Standalone parameters belonging to another child of the same DVE parent element could be set to 'Not Initialized' when a row linked to a DVE child element was deleted [ID_34785]

<!-- MR 10.1.0 [CU22] / 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

When a row linked to a DVE child element was deleted, in some cases, standalone parameters belonging to another child of the same DVE parent element could be set to "Not Initialized".

#### GQI: Filter operations would not be forwarded to the correct query when multiple data sources were joined [ID_34819]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

When multiple data sources were joined, in some cases, filter operations would not be forwarded to the correct query.

#### GQI: Problem when retrieving DCF interfaces [ID_34820]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 - FR 10.3.1 -->

When a GQI query returned all DCF interfaces from all agents in the DataMiner System, the NATS message broker would throw a *MaxPayloadException* when *MaxPayload* exceeded the value configured in `C:\Skyline DataMiner\NATS\nats-streaming-server\nats-server.config`.

From now on, when a GQI query has to retrieve DCF interfaces, it will do so by querying one agent at a time.

#### Problem with SLElement when a trend template was being assigned [ID_34824]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 - FR 10.3.1 -->

In some cases, an error could occur in SLElement when a trend template was being assigned.

#### Known Elasticsearch errors would incorrectly get logged in the SLSearch.txt log file [ID_34827]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

Up to now, when custom data was requested by ID from an Elasticsearch database, a "404" error would be logged in the *SLSearch.txt* log file when the ID did not exist.

From now on, only unknown Elasticsearch errors will be logged in the *SLSearch.txt* log file. Known errors will be logged as level-5 errors in the debug logs.

#### Memory leak in SLDataGateway during a Cassandra Cluster migration [ID_34829]

<!-- MR 10.1.0 [CU22] / 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

During a Cassandra Cluster migration, SLDataGateway would leak memory due to paging handlers not being cleaned up correctly.

#### Dashboards app & low-code apps: Contents of colored table cells would incorrectly not be visible when conditional coloring was applied and actions had been configured [ID_34842]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

When conditional coloring was applied on the first column of a table in which actions had been configured, in some cases, the contents of the colored cells would incorrectly not be visible.

#### DataMiner upgrade: 'Webpages\\App' and 'Webpages\\Automation' folders would incorrectly not be cleaned up [ID_34844]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

After a DataMiner upgrade, files belonging to previous app versions would incorrectly not be removed from the `C:\Skyline DataMiner\Webpages\App` and `C:\Skyline DataMiner\Webpages\Automation` folders. From now on, those folders will be deleted before new versions of those apps are installed.

#### Problem with SLElement when a description.xml file was updated while an alarm was being unmasked [ID_34860]

<!-- Main Release Version 10.1.0 [CU22]/10.2.0 [CU10] - Feature Release Version 10.3.1 -->

In some cases, an error could occur in SLElement when a *description.xml* file was updated while an alarm was being unmasked.

#### Problem with SLElement [ID_34861]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

In some cases, an error could occur in SLElement when a DVE child or a virtual function was started, and when a parameter description was changed.

#### Dashboards app: Empty groups would incorrectly not be removed from parameter feeds listing EPM parameters [ID_34884]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 - FR 10.3.1 -->

When, in a parameter feed listing EPM parameters, the parameters were grouped, empty groups would incorrectly not be removed after switching to another EPM object.

#### HTTP requests would incorrectly not be retried when WinHTTP threw a SEC_E_BUFFER_TOO_SMALL error [ID_34888]

<!-- Main Release Version 10.0.0 [CU22]/10.1.0 [CU22]/10.2.0 [CU10] - Feature Release Version 10.3.1 -->

When an HTTP request is sent, in some cases, WinHTTP can incorrectly throw a `SEC_E_BUFFER_TOO_SMALL` error when the server is using TLS 1.2.

From now on, when this error is thrown, DataMiner will retry the HTTP request the number of times specified for the HTTP connection in question.

#### Low-code apps: Problem with 'Close a panel' action [ID_34892]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 - FR 10.3.1 -->

When a *Close a panel* action was configured as a post action on a button component, in some cases, it would incorrectly not cause the panel to close.

#### Dashboards app & low-code apps - GQI: Certain cell values in a GQI query result would incorrect include the object type [ID_34895]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

In some cases, cell values in a GQI query result would incorrect include the object type. This was the case for DOM instance IDs, DOM definition IDs, profile instance IDs and profile definition IDs.

For example, a cell value would incorrectly be set to "DomDefinitionId[00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000]" while the display value was actually "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000".

#### Dashboards & low-code apps: Decimal values would incorrectly not be allowed in range filters [ID_34897]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 - FR 10.3.1 -->

In some cases, a range filter in a query filter or a table column filter would incorrectly not allow decimal values.

> [!NOTE]
> When using a query filter with filter assistance enabled, the statistics will determine the number of decimals that can be used.

#### Problem with SLElement when a parameter update was being processed while an element was starting up [ID_34899]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

In some cases, an error could occur in SLElement when a parameter update was being processed while an element was starting up.

#### Low-code apps: 'Fetch the data' action of a table component would resolve too soon [ID_34902]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

In some cases, a *Fetch the data* action of a table component would resolve too soon. This would cause post actions to be executed while the data was still being retrieved. From now on, the *Fetch the data* action will resolve when all data is retrieved.

#### Dashboards & low-code apps: Feed component selections would incorrectly be lost after applying a built-in theme [ID_34908]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 - FR 10.3.1 -->

When you applied a built-in theme, feed component selections would incorrectly be lost after refetching the data.

#### SLLogCollector would become unresponsive after executing a nodetool command [ID_34909]

<!-- Main Release Version 10.1.0 [CU22]/10.2.0 [CU10] - Feature Release Version 10.3.1 -->

When the JAVA_HOME variable was not set, SLLogCollector would become unresponsive after executing a nodetool command.

From now on, when SLLogCollector times out after executing a nodetool command, it will log a timeout message in its log file and proceed.

#### Dashboards app & low-code apps - Table component: Data of different types displayed in the same row would not get fed correctly to linked feed components [ID_34915]

<!-- MR 10.2.0 [CU10] - FR 10.3.1 -->

When a row in a table component contained data of different types, that data would not get fed correctly to linked feed components.

Moreover, in some cases, the table would even not be able to feed the data in its rows.

#### SLDataGateway was not always able to parse the result of a 'nodetool status' command [ID_34929]

<!-- Main Release Version 10.1.0 [CU22]/10.2.0 [CU10] - Feature Release Version 10.3.1 -->

The SLDataGateway process periodically checks the status of the local Cassandra node by executing a `nodetool status` command and parsing the result. When Cassandra was still starting up, some values in the output could not always be parsed, leading to SLDataGateway incorrectly marking the database as unavailable.

#### Dashboards & low-code apps: Not possible to group the data in a timeline populated using a query with a query filter [ID_34932]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 - FR 10.3.1 -->

When a timeline was populated using a query with a query filter, it would incorrectly not be possible to group the data.

#### Problem with SLProtocol when trying to update a parameter of type 'read bit' [ID_34935]

<!-- Main Release Version 10.1.0 [CU22]/10.2.0 [CU10] - Feature Release Version 10.3.1 -->

In some cases, an error could occur in SLProtocol when trying to update a parameter of type `read bit`.

#### Web apps - Line chart component: Chart would incorrectly display non-existing data when the time window included a period in the future [ID_34959]

<!-- Main Release Version 10.1.0 [CU22]/10.2.0 [CU10] - Feature Release Version 10.3.1 -->

When the time window of a line chart component showing trend data included a period in the future, the chart would incorrectly display non-existing data for that period in the future. From now on, the chart will stop at the current time.

#### Dashboards app & low-code apps: Manually sorted GQI table would no longer feed row values [ID_34969]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 - FR 10.3.1 -->

When you had manually changed the sorting order of a GQI table by clicking a column header, in some cases, the table would no longer feed the selected row values.

#### Problem with Resource Manager when ResourceStorageType was not specified in Resource Manager settings [ID_34981]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 - FR 10.3.1 -->

In some cases, Resource Manager could throw a NullReferenceException when *ResourceStorageType* was not specified in the `C:\Skyline DataMiner\ResourceManager\Config.xml` file.
