---
uid: General_Feature_Release_10.3.12
---

# General Feature Release 10.3.12 – Preview

> [!IMPORTANT]
> We are still working on this release. Some release notes may still be modified or moved to a later release. Check back soon for updates!

> [!IMPORTANT]
> When downgrading from DataMiner Feature Release version 10.3.8 (or higher) to DataMiner Feature Release version 10.3.4, 10.3.5, 10.3.6 or 10.3.7, an extra manual step has to be performed. For more information, see [Downgrading a DMS](xref:MOP_Downgrading_a_DMS).

> [!TIP]
>
> - For release notes related to DataMiner Cube, see [DataMiner Cube Feature Release 10.3.12](xref:Cube_Feature_Release_10.3.12).
> - For release notes related to the DataMiner web applications, see [DataMiner web apps Feature Release 10.3.12](xref:Web_apps_Feature_Release_10.3.12).
> - For information on how to upgrade DataMiner, see [Upgrading a DataMiner Agent](xref:Upgrading_a_DataMiner_Agent).

## Highlights

*No highlights have been added to this section yet.*

## New features

*No new features have been added yet.*

## Changes

### Enhancements

#### Service & Resource Management: Enhanced performance when editing/deleting profile parameters [ID_37097]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 [CU9] - FR 10.3.12 -->

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when editing or deleting profile parameters of type *Capability* or *Capacity*, especially on systems with a large number of future bookings.

#### Enhanced performance when offloading data in case the database is down [ID_37365]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 [CU9] - FR 10.3.12 -->

Because of a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when offloading data in case the database is down.

#### SLAnalytics - Proactive cap detection: Enhanced verification of forecasted alarms [ID_37368]

<!-- MR 10.4.0 - FR 10.3.12 -->

A number of enhancements have been made with regard to the verification of forecasted alarms generated by the proactive cap detection feature.

### Fixes

#### Problem when requesting alarm monitoring information for an exported parameter [ID_37424]

<!-- MR 10.3.0 [CU9] - FR 10.3.12 -->

In some cases, incorrect data would be returned when requesting alarm monitoring information for a parameter exported as a standalone parameter to a DVE child element, especially when dynamic thresholds had been configured in the alarm template.
