---
uid: SRM_project_config_using_CICD
---

# Application packages for SRM projects

When you implement [an SRM project](xref:About_SRM), we highly recommend that you create a repository containing all custom components deployed on top of the SRM framework (function definitions, service definitions, custom scripts, Visio drawings, etc.). This facilitates the development process and the deployment of the project on any cluster.

This section describes the features that are available with relation to this today and how you can make use of them.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This documentation applies to deploying an SRM project using:
>
> - The Main Release track
> - The Feature Release track (up to SRM version 1.2.x)
>
> The Feature Release track using the Dev Pack (from SRM version 2.0.1 onwards) is not yet supported.

## Components

The SRM framework eases the extraction and the deployment of the components listed below associated with a given Booking Manager element. All remaining components must be deployed using custom code.

- Booking Manager settings (with custom element Visio drawing, alarm template, and trend template).

- Parent view of the Booking Manager.

- Custom actions (with associated views and Visio drawing).

- Custom scripts defined in the Booking Manager.

- Booking Monitoring element (with alarm template and trend template).

- Pools without resources.

- Service definition and associated components:

  - System and protocol function definitions (function, script, profile definition, and parameters).

  - Visio drawing.

  - Custom script (DTR, Created Booking Action, etc.).

  - Inheritance pools and included resources.

  - Custom profile parameters.

## Configuration extraction

In case the project is already deployed on a DMA, it is possible to trigger an extraction from the Booking Manager and generate an archive that can serve as a starting point to create the repository:

1. In the Booking Manager app, go to *Config* > *Backup*.

1. In the *Full Configuration Settings* section, click *Export*.

## Creating the *Package* repository

The **Package** repository, should include the the files that are included in the export and optionally contains extra items such as protocols.

To create the repository:

1. Create a "Package" repository and clone it.

2. In the repository, inside the "SetupContent" folder add an "SRM" folder and include the files from the extracted archive (see [Configuration extraction](#configuration-extraction)).

3. In the "Install" automation script of the "Package" repository, add the necessary steps to import the SRM configuration:

   1. Add the [Skyline.DataMiner.Core.AppPackageInstaller.SRM](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Skyline.DataMiner.Core.AppPackageInstaller.SRM) NuGet package (available on <nuget.org>) to the "Install" project. Be sure to select version 3.4.0 or higher.

   2. In the code of the "Install" script, reference the *Skyline.DataMiner.Srm.AppPackageInstaller* namespace.

   3. In the "Install" method, add the following lines:

      ```csharp
      var srmInstaller = new SrmInstaller(engine, context);
      srmInstaller.ImportSrm();
      ```

## Installing the package

1. Make sure the [SRM framework package is deployed](xref:deploying_srm) on the target cluster.

   > [!IMPORTANT]
   > We highly recommended installing the same SRM framework version as in the setup where the configuration was exported.

   > [!NOTE]
   > Double-check whether the DataMiner version is compliant with the SRM framework version you are about to install.

1. Open the [SLNetCLientTest tool](xref:Opening_the_SLNetClientTest_tool).

   > [!WARNING]
   > Always be extremely careful when using this tool, as it can have far-reaching consequences on the functionality of your DataMiner System.

1. Go to *Advanced* > *Apps* > *AppPackages*.

1. Click *Upload Package* and select the package generated by the CI/CD pipeline.

1. Select the newly uploaded package in the list and click *Install Package*.
