---
uid: ST_Determining_characteristics_generated_service
---

# Determining the characteristics of generated services

To determine general characteristics of services generated by a service template, such as their names, Visual Overview, and alarm templates, go to the *Generated service* tab of the service template card.

The following settings can be configured in this tab:

- To determine the name of the generated services, under *Generated service name*, click the downward triangle to enter placeholders. You can combine these with fixed text in the *Generated service name* box.

  > [!NOTE]
  > If you do not specify a name, the user will have to specify it when applying the template.

- To determine the description of the generated services, under *Generated service description*, click the downward triangle to enter placeholders. You can combine these with fixed text in the *Generated service description* box.

- To indicate whether timeouts are included in the alarm status of the generated services, either clear or select *Include timeouts in service alarm status*.

- To determine which Visio file will be used on the Visual Overview pages of the service card, specify the file under *Visio File*. If necessary, click the downward triangle to the right of the box to enter placeholders.

  > [!NOTE]
  > To upload a file, make sure it is located in the folder `C:\Skyline DataMiner\Views` of the DataMiner Agent. To upload a VSDX file, specify the file name with the .vsdx extension. To upload a legacy ZIP or VDX file (no longer supported from Visio 2013 onwards), fill in the file name without the file extension.

- To determine the default page of the service’s Visio file, specify the page under *Default Page*. If necessary, click the downward triangle to the right of the box to enter placeholders.

- To specify a service protocol for the generated services, select a service protocol in the dropdown list under *Protocol*.

- To specify an alarm template for the generated services, specify the template in the box under *Alarm Template*.

- To specify a trend template for the generated services, specify the template in the box under *Trend Template*.

  > [!NOTE]
  > You can only specify an alarm or trend template after you have specified a service protocol.

- To add custom service properties to the generated services:

  1. Click *Add service property*.

  1. Specify a *Property name*.

  1. Specify the *Property value*, if necessary by clicking the downward triangle to enter placeholders.
