---
uid: Connector_help_Amazon_AWS_CloudWatch_-_Lambda
---

# Amazon AWS CloudWatch - Lambda

CloudWatch can be used to monitor AWS Lambda. Lambda can be used to run code (virtually any type of application or back-end service) without provisioning or managing servers, paying only for the compute time that is consumed.

## About

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 20100801               |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Virtual Connection

This connector uses a virtual connection and does not require any input during element creation.

## How to Use

This connector is automatically generated by the connector Amazon AWS CloudWatch, range 1.0.0.x.

The **General** page of the element contains the **Entry ID**, which is a unique identifier for this service. The **Entry Type** provides more insight in the different parts that the **Entry ID** consists of. The **Polling Interval** can be modified on this page and the **Entry Status** indicates if the service entry is still present. With the **Force Polling** button, you can poll the metrics immediately without having to wait until the interval time has elapsed.

In the bottom section of the General page, several metrics are also available. Polling of specific metrics can be enabled via the **Config Poll** page button. It is not possible to set the Poll parameter to *Enabled* for metric parameters that have the *N/A* value. These *N/A* metrics are not present in the provided metrics list for this instance and hence their Poll parameter will remain *Disabled*.
