---
uid: Connector_help_Amazon_AWS_CloudWatch_-_MediaPackage
---

# Amazon AWS CloudWatch - MediaPackage

CloudWatch can be used to monitor MediaPackage. AWS Elemental MediaPackage is a just-in-time video packaging and origination service that runs in the AWS Cloud. With MediaPackage, you can deliver highly secure, scalable, and reliable video streams to a wide variety of playback devices and content delivery networks (CDNs).

## About

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 20100801               |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Virtual Connection

This connector uses a virtual connection and does not require any input during element creation.

## How to Use

This connector is automatically generated by the connector Amazon AWS CloudWatch, range 1.0.0.x.

### General

The General page contains the **Entry ID** that is a unique identifier for this service. The **Entry Type** provides more insight in the different parts that the **Entry ID** consists of. The **Polling Interval** can be modified on this page and the **Entry Status** indicates if the service entry is still present. With the **Force Polling** button, you can poll the metrics immediately without having to wait until the interval time has elapsed.

### Live Content Metrics

The Live Content Metrics page contains all polled metric values. Polling of the appropriate metric can be enabled via the **Config Poll** page button. It is not possible to set the Poll parameter to *Enabled* for metric parameters that have the *N/A* value. These *N/A* metrics are not present in the provided metrics list for this instance and hence their Poll parameter will remain *Disabled*.
