---
uid: Connector_help_Amazon_AWS_CloudWatch_-_EC2_Spot_Fleet
---

# Amazon AWS CloudWatch - EC2 Spot Fleet

CloudWatch can be used to monitor EC2 Spot Fleet. Amazon EC2 Spot Instances let you take advantage of unused EC2 capacity in the AWS cloud. Spot Instances are available at a discount compared to On-Demand. You can use Spot Instances for various stateless, fault-tolerant, or flexible applications such as big data, containerized workloads, CI/CD, web servers, high-performance computing (HPC), and other test and development workloads. Because Spot Instances are tightly integrated with AWS services such as Auto Scaling, EMR, ECS, CloudFormation, Data Pipeline and AWS Batch, you can choose how to launch and maintain your applications running on Spot Instances.

## About

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 20100801               |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Virtual Connection

This driver uses a virtual connection and does not require any input during element creation.

## How to Use

This driver is automatically generated by the driver Amazon AWS CloudWatch, range 1.0.0.x.

### General

The General page contains the **Entry ID** that is a unique identifier for this service. The **Entry Type** provides more insight in the different parts that the **Entry ID** consists of. The **Polling Interval** can be modified on this page and the **Entry Status** indicates if the service entry is still present. With the **Force Polling** button, you can poll the metrics immediately without having to wait until the interval time has elapsed.

### EC2 Spot Fleet Metrics

The EC2 Spot Fleet Metrics page contains all polled metric values. Polling of the appropriate metric can be enabled via the **Config Poll** page button. It is not possible to set the Poll parameter to *Enabled* for metric parameters that have the *N/A* value. These *N/A* metrics are not present in the provided metrics list for this instance and hence their Poll parameter will remain *Disabled*.
