---
uid: Connector_help_Amazon_AWS_CloudWatch_-_MediaConvert
---

# Amazon AWS CloudWatch - MediaConvert

You can monitor AWS MediaConvert metrics using CloudWatch. CloudWatch collects raw data and processes it into readable, near real-time metrics. These statistics are kept for 15 months, so that you can access historical information and gain a better perspective on how your web application or service is performing. You can also set alarms that watch for certain thresholds, and send notifications or take actions when those thresholds are met.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.1.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.1.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Virtual Connection

This driver uses a virtual connection and does not require any input during element creation.

## How to Use

This driver is automatically generated by the driver [Amazon AWS CloudWatch](xref:Connector_help_Amazon_AWS_CloudWatch), range 1.0.1.x.

### General

On the General page, you can find the Entry ID, Entry type and Entry Status:

- The **Entry ID** is a unique identifier for this service.
- The **Entry Type** provides more insight on the different parts of the Entry ID.
- The **Entry Status** indicates if the service entry is still present

You can also modify the **Polling Interval** on this page. In addition, with the **Force Polling** button, you can poll the metrics immediately without having to wait until the interval time has elapsed.

### Metrics

The various Metrics pages contain all polled metric values.

Polling of the appropriate metric can be enabled via the **Config Poll** page button. It is not possible to set the Poll parameter to *Enabled* for metric parameters that have the *N/A* value. These *N/A* metrics are not present in the provided metrics list for this instance and hence their Poll parameter will remain *Disabled*.
