---
uid: Connector_help_Amazon_AWS_CloudWatch_-_Direct_Connect
---

# Amazon AWS CloudWatch - Direct Connect

CloudWatch can be used to monitor Direct Connect. AWS Direct Connect links your internal network to an AWS Direct Connect location over a standard Ethernet fiber-optic cable. One end of the cable is connected to your router, the other to an AWS Direct Connect router. With this connection, you can create virtual interfaces directly to public AWS services (for example, to Amazon S3) or to Amazon VPC, bypassing internet service providers in your network path. An AWS Direct Connect location provides access to AWS in the region with which it is associated. You can use a single connection in a public region or AWS GovCloud (US) to access public AWS services in all other public regions.

## About

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 20100801               |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Virtual Connection

This connector uses a virtual connection and does not require any input during element creation.

## How to Use

This connector is automatically generated by the connector Amazon AWS CloudWatch, range 1.0.0.x.

The element created with this connector has the following data pages:

- **General**: This page contains the **Entry ID** that is a unique identifier for this service. The **Entry Type** provides more insight in the different parts that the **Entry ID** consists of. The **Polling Interval** can be modified on this page and the **Entry Status** indicates if the service entry is still present. With the **Force Polling** button, you can poll the metrics immediately without having to wait until the interval time has elapsed.
- **Direct Connect Metrics**: This page contains all polled metric values. Polling of the appropriate metric can be enabled via the **Config Poll** page button. It is not possible to set the Poll parameter to *Enabled* for metric parameters that have the *N/A* value. These *N/A* metrics are not present in the provided metrics list for this instance and hence their Poll parameter will remain *Disabled*.
