---
uid: Connector_help_AppearTV_X20_Platform_-_AppearTV_X20_Encoder
---

# AppearTV X20 Platform - AppearTV X20 Encoder

This connector can be used to view information on and configure settings of **encoder cards** (ECx100/ECx210) connected to the AppearTV X20 chassis. This includes information and settings regarding encoder services and audio components.

## About

The connector uses an **HTTP** connection. This connection uses the Encoder API of the ECx100/ECx210 card to retrieve information from the card and configure settings on the card. The information transfer is performed using JSON.

Note: This connector is automatically generated by the AppearTV X20 Platform connector, from range 1.2.0.18 onwards.

### Product Info

| **Range**            | **Supported Firmware** |
|----------------------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x              | 1.10.2-1433-g641c1cd   |
| 1.0.1.x              | 1.10.2-1433-g641c1cd   |
| 1.1.0.x              | 1.12                   |
| 1.2.0.x \[SLC Main\] | 2.x.x                  |

## Configuration

This connector is **automatically generated** by the parent connector **AppearTV X20 Platform**.

## How to use

The element created with this connector has the following data pages:

- **Encoder Services**: Contains the **Encoder Services** and **Audio Encoder Services** tables. The Audio Encoder Services table links the data with encoder services and audio profiles. This page also contains two page buttons, **Add Encoder Service** and **Add Audio Encoder Services**, which can be used to add new entries to the tables. To delete one or more table entries, use the right-click menu.
- **Encoder Services - Overview**: Contains a tree control displaying the information from the Encoder Services and Audio Encoder Services tables per encoder service.
