---
uid: Connector_help_Arris_VTN244
---

# Arris VTN244

The **ARRIS Versatile Telecommunications Node (VTN) 244** is designed to act as a Deep 2x2 Optical Node. The node can be deployed as a cost-effective 1x1 and scales easily to a 2x2 to manage network demands. The VTN244 can be configured with an optional Euro-DOCSIS or DOCSIS status monitor transponder for remote management and control. The node can also be configured with Ingress Control Switches to allow operators to diagnose upstream noise issues.

## About

This connector is intended to get/set information from/to the device via an **Element** in a **DataMiner** System, using **SNMP** commands.

To get more detailed information access the website <http://arristest.arris.co/product_catalog/at/nodes.asp>.

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

**SNMP CONNECTION:**

- **IP address/host:** The polling IP of the device

**SNMP Settings:**

- **Port number:** The port of the connected device (default: 161)
- **Get community string:** The community string used when reading values from the device (default value: *public*).
- **Set community string:** The community string used when setting values on the device (default value: *private*).

## Usage

### General

The Electroline DOCSIS-HMS Transponder provides status monitoring information for HMS-compliant devices and for some DOCSIS cable modem channel parameters.

Under this page is available information about **Product Info**, **System Description**, **Transponder Status**, and **RF Communication Status**.

There are also available several other settings:

- **USB**: USB related information
- **Inventory**: Device identification
- **Attached Devices**: Transponder interface bus related
- **Status and Reset**: Status parameters and Reset buttons

### General - Configuration

There are several options to configure here. They are related to **SNMP** protocol, **Trap Management**, **Power Supply** and the **HMS 022**. Also available are the settings related to the **DHT Extensions** (add-ons supported by the current software load).

### General - Docsis

Information related to DOCSIS-compliant cable modems and cable-modem termination systems.

### RF Connection

This page shows the data that corresponds to the cable modem section of the Electroline Transponder. It includes the **Upstream**, **Downstream** and **Signal Quality** information data.

### HMS

This page shows the data that corresponds to the HMS monitoring application. This section includes the transponder status and the attached device(s).

### Logs / Status

This page shows the data that corresponds to the DOCSIS and the transponder/HMS alarmistic as well as the traps generated by the device.

### Network

This section shows information about the device's interfaces as well as the information about the protocols (**UDP**, **ICMP** and **IGMP** protocols) being used and their settings.

### Network - IP

This section shows information about the **IP** protocol.

### Web interface

The client machine has to be able to access the device. If not, it won't be possible to open the web interface.
