---
uid: Connector_help_AVT_Magic_SDC_EDI_Converter
---

# AVT Magic SDC EDI Converter

This driver makes it possible to monitor an AVT Magic SDC EDI Converter with SNMPv2. All parameters retrieved are displayed in several pages depending on the kind of parameters. Also all traps generated by the device are captured and used to update the parameters.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features**                                                                     | **Based on** | **System Impact**                                                                                            |
|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x              | Initial version.                                                                     | \-           | \-                                                                                                           |
| 1.0.1.x \[SLC Main\] | \- Updated DCF version. - Changed type string to fit units. - Additional minor fixes | 1.0.0.4      | \- New DCF version increases the minimum DataMiner version. - Changing type of parameter affects versioning. |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.1.x   | 2.9.2.r1.588           |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Yes                 | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |
| 1.0.1.x   | Yes                 | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### SNMP Main Connection

This driver uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
- **IP port**: The IP port of the destination. (default: *161).*

SNMP Settings:

- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device (default: *public*).
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device (default: *private*).

### Initialization

No extra configuration is needed.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

## How to use

The element consists of the data pages described below. Each table is updated based on traps.

- **General**: Contains general information such as the Firmware Version and Temperature.
- **E1**: Displays three tables with information about E1-related Input States, Levels and Output States.
- **EDI**: Contains a table with the EDI Input States Overview.
- **ETI**: Contains a table with the ETI Input States Overview.
- **DAB**: Contains a table with Reconfig States.
- **SDC**: Contains a table with SDC Input States, as well as information about SDC Seamless and about Switch Events.

## DataMiner Connectivity Framework

The **1.0.1.x** driver range of the AVT Magic SDC EDI Converter protocol supports the usage of DCF and can only be used on a DMA with **9.5.0** as the minimum version.

DCF can also be implemented through the DataMiner DCF user interface and through DataMiner Third Party protocols (for instance a manager).

### Interfaces

#### Fixed interfaces

Physical fixed interfaces:

- **E1 Input 1**: Created parameter **E1 Input 1 Overall State** for this interface of type **in**.
- **E1 Output 1**: Created parameter **E1 Output 1 Overall State** for this interface of type **out**.
- **E1 Input 2**: Created parameter **E1 Input 2 Overall State** for this interface of type **in**.
- **E1 Output 2**: Created parameter **E1 Output 2 Overall State** for this interface of type **out**.
- **Clock 1** (1pps clock): Created parameter **Clock 1 Dummy Parameter** for this interface of type **in**.
- **Clock 2** (10 MHz clock): Created parameter **Clock 2 Dummy Parameter** for this interface of type **in**.
- **LAN 1**: Can be used as EDI Input 1, so created parameter **EDI Input 1 Overall State** for this interface of type **in**.
- **LAN 2**: Can be used as EDI Input 2, so created parameter **EDI Input 2 Overall State** for this interface of type **in**.

### Connections

#### Internal Connections

- E1 Input 2: connected internally to E1 Output 1 and E1 Output 2.
