---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS10_-_SAV08
---

# Axon ACP ERS10 - SAV08

The SAV08 is an **SDI** to composite, component and **Y/C** converter with a built-in SDI distribution amplifier. Its main application is a 1 to 4 SDI distribution amplifier with 4 analog outputs. It can also be used as a large router preview card or a generic monitoring DA.

The **Axon ACP ERS10 - SAV08** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS10.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previously implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Rev. 07             |
| 1.0.1.1            | Rev. 07             |
| 1.2.0.1            | Rev. 07             |
| 2.1.0.1            | Rev. 07             |
| 2.2.0.1            | Rev. 07             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information: **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision**, **Hardware Revision**, etc.

### Settings

This page contains the card's configuration settings: **Output**, **Y Filter**, **C Filter**, etc.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
