---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS11_-_HIX01
---

# Axon ACP ERS11 - HIX01

This connector can be used to display and configure information of the **Axon ACP ERS11 - HIX01** card. This is a dual-channel high-performance 3Gb/s, HD and SD SDI basic video and embedded audio probe (signal integrity monitor) with clean video switch-over function.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS11** range 1.0.0.4, and can be used to monitor and control the Axon ERS - HIX01 card.

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Device Revision** |
|------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Rev. 100            |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector uses a **virtual connection** and does not require any input during element creation.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information (**Slot Number**, **Card Name**, etc.) regarding the card type. Some of the information can be modified, e.g. the **User Label**.

### Status

This page contains all status parameters for this specific card. These are all non-modifiable parameters, e.g. **HD-Capable** and **MAC0**.

### Settings

This page contains only parameters that can be modified by the user, e.g. **Output Configuration** and **Format**.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the specific priority settings of the Axon card.
