---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS11_-_2TG10
---

# Axon ACP ERS11 - 2TG10

The 2TG100 is a dual-channel test pattern generator. Locked to a black&burst or tri-level sync, it can generate 2 fully independent test patterns in either **3 Gb/s**, **HD** or **SD**. The 16 test signals of embedded audio can be sourced to the Quad Speed audio bus for discrete usage. External audio can also be inserted via the Quad Speed audio bus with for example a DIO88. The fully individual outputs can handle any format with the same frequency. As such, 1080p/50 and 1080i/50 can be used simultaneously.

The **Axon ACP ERS11 - 2TG10** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS11.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previously implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Rev. 08             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information: **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision**, **Hardware Revision**, etc.

### Status

This page contains the card's generic status information: **Features**, **Video Gen**, **Delay**, etc.

### Delay

This page contains the card's delay-related configuration settings: **Horizontal Delay A/B**, **Vertical Delay A/B**, etc.

### Video

This page contains the video-related settings: **Output Format A/B**, **SDI Pattern Selection A/B,** **SDI Pattern Speed A/B**, etc.

### Text Ident

This page contains the card's text ident-related configuration settings: **Active Preset A/B**, **Edit Preset A/B**, **Text A/B**, **Font A/B**, **Horizontal/Vertical Position A/B**.

### Inserter

This page contains the VI- and WSS-related configuration settings: **VI Insert**, **VI Data**, **WSS Insert**, **WSS Standard**, etc.

### Audio

For each of the audio, a page is available with the audio-related configuration settings: **Pattern Input**, **Frequency Input**, **Level Input** and **Phase Input**.

### Embedder

For each of the embedders, a page is available with the embedder configuration settings: **Selection**, **Embedder**, **Source**, etc.

### Embedder S2020

This page contains the Embedder S2020-related configuration settings: **Program Configuration**, **Frame Rate**, **Program Selection**, etc.

### Settings

This page contains the card's generic configuration settings: **S2016 Line** and **Add on Mode**.

### Network

This page contains all the card's network-related status information and configuration settings: **Net Status**, **IP Configuration Status**, **IP Configuration**, **MAC Address**, etc.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
