---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS10_-_GPI16
---

# Axon ACP ERS10 - GPI16

The GPI16 card is a universal Synapse **GPI I/O** (Input/Output) card. The card is capable of forcing GPI output triggering based on events that are generated by cards located in the same rack. The card can also be used as a slave card for Synapse functions, for example for the 8x1 switchers (SDX08) or the VWI10 card. In these applications, it is possible to control functions directly with a Master.

The **Axon ACP ERS10 - GPI16** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS10.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previously implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Rev. 10             |
| 1.0.1.1            | Rev. 10             |
| 1.2.0.1            | Rev. 10             |
| 2.1.0.1            | Rev. 10             |
| 2.2.0.1            | Rev. 10             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information: **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision**, **Hardware Revision**, etc.

### Status

This page contains the **GPI Input** and **GPI Output** status information.

### Settings

This page contains the card's generic configuration settings: **Source**, **GPI IN** and **DeBounce**.

### GPO 1-8

This page contains the GPI configuration settings for GPO 1 to 8: **Default**, **Card** and **Tag**.

### GPO 9-16

This page contains the GPI configuration settings for GPO 9 to 16: **Default**, **Card** and **Tag**.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
