---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS10_-_HDB05
---

# Axon ACP ERS10 - HDB05

The HDB05 is an **HD SDI** and **SD SDI** digital audio de-embedder. It is an audio extractor that outputs 4 **AES/EBU** streams on the board itself and 4 **ADD-ON** audio signals via the local bus to 2 ADD-ON cards. All the selected settings are stored in a total of 8 presets. These presets can be restored via Automation to fire up a salvo with 16 independent audio channels in any combination.

The **Axon ACP ERS10 - HDB05** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS10.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previously implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.1.1            | Rev. 09             |
| 1.2.0.1            | Rev. 09             |
| 2.1.0.1            | Rev. 09             |
| 2.2.0.1            | Rev. 09             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information: **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision**, **Hardware Revision**, etc.

### Status

This page contains the card's status information: **SDI-Input**, **Audio CH1/8**, **Audio A1/8**, etc.

### Add On

This page contains the **Add On** configuration settings.

### Settings

This page contains the card's generic configuration settings: **SDI-Format**, **Preset**, **Audio Phase**, etc.

### Channels

This page contains the **Delay**, **Gain** and **Phase** configuration settings for each channel.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
