---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS10_-_HAF90
---

# Axon ACP ERS10 - HAF90

The HAF90 is an embedder, shuffler, and framesync with **AES/EBU** digital audio inputs.

The **Axon ACP ERS10 - HAF90** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS10.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previously implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Rev. 05             |
| 1.0.1.1            | Rev. 05             |
| 1.2.0.1            | Rev. 05             |
| 2.1.0.1            | Rev. 05             |
| 2.2.0.1            | Rev. 05             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information: **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision**, **Hardware Revision**, etc.

### Status

This page contains the card's generic status information: **Features**, **Video**, **Synchronize**, **Delay**, etc.

### Module

This page contains the DMA-related status information: **DMA Name**, **DMA Hardware Revision**, **DMA Product Code**, etc.

### Input

This page contains the input-related status information: **Loc Input**, **Loc Format**, etc.

### Output

This page contains the output-related status information: **Emb Output**, **Emb Format Out**, etc.

### Settings

This page contains the card's generic configuration settings: **Input Selection**, **Active Preset**, **Output Format**, etc.

### Delay

This page contains the card's delay-related configuration settings: **Delay Bypass**, **Frame Delay**, **Vertical/Horizontal Delay**, etc.

### Embedder

This page contains the generic embedder configuration settings: **Emb Mode**, **Emb Selection**, **Source AES**, etc.

### Embedder A/D

For each of the embedders, a page is available with embedder-related configuration settings: **Emb**, **Source Emb**, **Emb Gain**, **Emb Phase**, **Emb Delay**, etc.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
