---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_HLI20
---

# Axon ACP HLI20

The HLI20 is an HD/SD preset-based dual logo inserter/generator with clock insertion.

The **Axon ACP HLI20** driver can be used to display and configure information related to this device.

## About

The element can be automatically generated by the driver **Axon ACP Manager** or can be added manually to monitor a single card without information about the frame.

There are different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Key Features**             | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|-----------|------------------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Initial version \[SLC Main\] | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware**                                     |
|-----------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 2009, 2210, 2310, 2511, 2611, 2711, 2911, 3011, 3111, 3112 |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Yes                 | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This element can be automatically created by the element using the **Axon ACP Frame Manager** driver, but can also be used as standalone driver.

### Connections

#### Serial Main Connection

This driver uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device, being the slot number of the card.

#### Serial Broadcast Connection

This driver uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device.

## Usage

This element has the following data pages:

- **General**: This page displays general information about the card: **Card Name**, **Card Description**, **SW Revision**, **HW Revision**, etc.
- **Status**
- **Keyer**
- **I/O**
- **Inserter**
- **Preset Overview:** Available via a page button on the Inserter page. Displays the **Presets Overview Tables** for both A and B. To fill in the tables or update the values, click the corresponding refresh buttons, **Refresh Preset A** or **Refresh Preset B**. To select a preset as an active preset, click the corresponding **Select button** in the table.
- **Clock**
- **NTP**
- **Network**
- **Alarm Priority**: This page displays the event messages of the card, i.e. special messages generated asynchronously on the card.

## DataMiner Connectivity Framework

The Axon ACP protocol supports the usage of DCF and can only be used on a DMA with **8.5.4** as the minimum version.

DCF can also be implemented through the DataMiner DCF user interface and through DataMiner third-party connectors (for instance a manager).

### Interfaces

#### Physical Interfaces

- **SDI Input**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **REF Input 1**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **REF Input 2**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **SDI Output 1**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SDI Output 2**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SDI Preview Output**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **CVBS Output**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.

### Connections

#### Internal Connections

- Between **SDI Input** and **SDI Output 1**.
- Between **SDI Input** and **SDI Output 2**.
- Between **SDI Input** and **SDI Preview Output**.
- Between **SDI Input** and **CVBS Output**.

Depending on the state of the **Reference Input**, the following connections are established:

- **1**:

- Between **REF Input 1** and **SDI Output 1**.
  - Between **REF Input 1** and **SDI Output 2**.

- **2**:

- Between **REF Input 2** and **SDI Output 1**.
  - Between **REF Input 2** and **SDI Output 2**.
