---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS11_-_2IX08
---

# Axon ACP ERS11 - 2IX08

The 2IX08 is a dual-channel basic signal integrity monitor with switch-over function. The difference with the 2IX09 and 2IX10 is that these have an enhanced range of probing functions and 2 built-in frame synchronizers for clean switching. The switch function can be triggered by any of the integrity controls or by **GPI**. Each output has a fan-out of 3 and all outputs can be sourced from the same input.

The **Axon ACP ERS11 - 2IX08** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS11**.

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previously implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Rev. 24             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information: **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision**, **Hardware Revision**, etc.

### Status

This page provides an overview of the card's status information: **Reference**, **Carrier**, **EDH**, etc.

### Settings

This page provides an overview of the card's configuration settings: **Input Selection**, **Carrier Detection**, **GPI Mode**, etc.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
