---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS11_-_HDS05
---

# Axon ACP ERS11 - HDS05

The HDS05 is a premium-quality downconverter. The optimized scaling and filter algorithms ensure crisp broadcast-ready pictures from a native HD source, by use of 64-tap **FIR** filters. With this module, you can simulcast **SD** signals from a native **HD** infrastructure. The embedded audio is carried over to the SD domain. The appropriate aspect ratio can be applied or detected by **S2016** and the correct **VI** or **WSS** data can be added. When fed with an SD SDI signal, the downconverter goes into bypass mode with a functional frame synchronizer.

The **Axon ACP ERS11 - HDS05** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS11.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previously implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Rev. 26             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information: **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision**, **Hardware Revision**, etc.

### Status

This page contains an overview of the card's status information: **Field Frequency**, **SDI Input**, **Reference Detection**, etc.

### Settings

This page contains the card's generic configuration settings: **Input Format**, **Control**, **Preset**, **Mode**, etc.

### Video

This page contains the card's video-related configuration settings: **Y, C, R, G, B - Gain**, **Horizontal/Vertical Sharpness**, etc.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
