---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_GDK100
---

# Axon ACP GDK100

**Synapse** is a modular system designed for the **broadcast industry**, featuring high density, intuitive operation and high-quality processing. For more information, visit the AXON Digital Design Website at [www.axon.tv](http://www.axon.tv/).

## About

This connector can be automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP Manager**.

## Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key features** | **Based On** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

## Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 1011, 1114             |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Yes                 | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### IP Connection - Unicast

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.
  - **IP port:** The IP port of the device.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device.

#### IP Connection - Broadcast

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.
  - **IP port**: The IP port of the destination.
  - **Bus address**: Use the value "any".

### Initialization

No extra configuration is needed.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

## How to use

This element has the following data pages:

- **General:** Displays general information about the card, e.g. **Status**, **State**, **Card Name**, **User Label**, **Card Description**, etc.
- **Control:** Allows you to set the parameters **Input Format**, **Lock Mode**, **Reference Type**, **Add on Mode**, **GPI Control** and **Output 4**.
- **Keyer Options:** Allows you to modify parameters such as **Keyer**, **Program Key**, **Preview Key**, etc.
- **Embedder:** Allows you to turn each different embedder on or off.
- **De-Embedder:** Allows you to turn the **Phase Rst** parameter on or off.
- **Network:** Allows you to set the **IP Configuration** to *DHCP* or *Manual*. If this is set to *Manual*, it is possible to change the values of the other parameters.
- **Status:** Displays the status of the **Signal Input Format** (1, 2, 3 and 4), **Audio A Present**, **Audio B Present**, **GPI** and **Reference** parameters.
- **Network Status:** Displays information about **IP Status**, **MAC Address**, **IP Address**, **Netmask** and **Standard Gateway**.
- **Alarm Priority**: Allows you to set the priority alarm for different instances (**Announcements**, the different **Inputs** and the **Reference Status**).

## Notes

This connector is best combined with the **Axon ACP Frame Manager** connector, but can be used as standalone connector as well.
