---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_U4T100
---

# Axon ACP U4T100

The U4T100 is a 4K UHD 4-wire toolbox with optional Dolby-E processing.

The Axon ACP U4T100 connector can be used to display and configure information related to this device.

## About

This connector can be automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP**.

There are different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Key Features**             | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|-----------|------------------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Initial version \[SLC Main\] | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware**                                           |
|-----------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 0406, 0914, 1017, 1320, 1321, 2028, 2230, 2435, 2436, 2536, 2738 |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Creation

The element using this connector can be automatically created by the parent element using the **Axon ACP** connector, but it can also be a standalone element.

### Connections

#### Serial Main Connection

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device, being the slot number of the card.

#### Serial Broadcast Connection

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device.

## Usage

The element has the following data pages:

- **General**: This page displays general information about the card: **Card Name**, **Card Description**, **SW Revision**, **HW Revision**, etc.
- **SFP**
- **Add-On**
- **Status**
- **I/O Status**
- **LUT**
- **I/O**
- **GPI/O**
- **Video**
- **Audio**
- **Settings**
- **Embedder**
- **Embedder 01/04**
- **Embedder 05/08**
- **Embedder 09/12**
- **Embedder 13/16**
- **Network**
- **Alarm** **Priority**: This page displays the event messages of the card, i.e. special messages generated asynchronously on the card.

## DataMiner Connectivity Framework

The Axon ACP connector supports the usage of DCF and can only be used on a DMA with **8.5.4** as the minimum version.

DCF can also be implemented through the DataMiner DCF user interface and through DataMiner third-party protocols (for instance a manager).

### Interfaces

#### Physical Interfaces

- **SDI Input 1**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **SDI Input 2**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **SDI Input 3**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **SDI Input 4**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **SDI Output 1**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SDI Output 2**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SDI Output 3**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SDI Output 4**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.

### Connections

#### Internal Connections

Depending on the state of the **Input Selection A**, the following connections are established:

- **SDI-1**: Between **SDI Input 1** and **SDI Output 1.**
- **SDI-2**: Between **SDI Input 2** and **SDI Output 1.**
- **SDI-3**: Between **SDI Input 3** and **SDI Output 1.**
- **SDI-4**: Between **SDI Input 4** and **SDI Output 1**.

Depending on the state of the **Input Selection B**, the following connections are established:

- **SDI-1**: Between **SDI Input 1** and **SDI Output 2.**
- **SDI-2**: Between **SDI Input 2** and **SDI Output 2.**
- **SDI-3**: Between **SDI Input 3** and **SDI Output 2.**
- **SDI-4**: Between **SDI Input 4** and **SDI Output 2**.

Depending on the state of the **Input Selection C**, the following connections are established:

- **SDI-1**: Between **SDI Input 1** and **SDI Output 3.**
- **SDI-2**: Between **SDI Input 2** and **SDI Output 3.**
- **SDI-3**: Between **SDI Input 3** and **SDI Output 3.**
- **SDI-4**: Between **SDI Input 4** and **SDI Output 3**.

Depending on the state of the **Input Selection D**, the following connections are established:

- **SDI-1**: Between **SDI Input 1** and **SDI Output 4.**
- **SDI-2**: Between **SDI Input 2** and **SDI Output 4.**
- **SDI-3**: Between **SDI Input 3** and **SDI Output 4.**
- **SDI-4**: Between **SDI Input 4** and **SDI Output 4**.
