---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_SLD100
---

# Axon ACP SLD100

The SLD100 is a long time SD-SDI uncompressed baseband video delay unit. It can store and delay SD material, including all blanking, as RAW data.

The **Axon ACP SLD100** connector can be used to display and configure information related to this device.

## About

This connector can be automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP**.

There are different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Key Features**             | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|-----------|------------------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Initial version \[SLC Main\] | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 1512                   |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Yes                 | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This element can be automatically created by the element using the **Axon ACP Frame Manager** connector, but can also be used as a standalone connector.

### Connections

#### Serial Main Connection

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device, being the slot number of the card.

#### Serial Broadcast Connection

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device.

## Usage

This element has the following data pages:

- **General**: This page displays general information about the card: **Card Name**, **Card Description**, **SW Revision**, **HW Revision**, etc.
- **SSD**
- **Status**
- **GPIO**
- **Marker**
- **Settings**
- **Network**
- **Alarm Priority**: This page displays the event messages of the card, i.e. special messages generated asynchronously on the card.

## DataMiner Connectivity Framework

The Axon ACP protocol supports the usage of DCF and can only be used on a DMA with **8.5.4** as the minimum version.

DCF can also be implemented through the DataMiner DCF user interface and through DataMiner third-party connectors (for instance a manager).

### Interfaces

#### Physical Interfaces

- **Input SDI 1**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **Input SDI 2**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **Output SDI 1**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **Output SDI 2**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.

### Connections

#### Internal Connections

- Between **Input SDI 1** and **Output SDI 1**.
- Between **Input SDI 1** and **Output SDI 2**.
- Between **Input SDI 2** and **Output SDI 1**.
- Between **Input SDI 2** and **Output SDI 2**.

Depending on the state of the **Input Selection**, the following connections are established:

- **0**:

- Between **Input SDI 1** and **Output SDI 1**.
  - Between **Input SDI 1** and **Output SDI 2**.

- **1**:

- Between **Input SDI 2** and **Output SDI 1**.
  - Between **Input SDI 2** and **Output SDI 2**.
