---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_GNS600
---

# Axon ACP GNS600

The GNS600 is a dual-channel 3 Gb/s, HD up-converter with color corrector and optional cross-input audio shuffler.

The **Axon ACP GNS600** driver can be used to display and configure information related to this device.

## About

This driver can be automatically generated by the driver **Axon ACP Frame Manager**.

There are different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features**           | **Based on** | **System Impact**                             |
|----------------------|----------------------------|--------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x              | Initial version            | \-           | \-                                            |
| 1.0.1.x \[SLC Main\] | Additional SNMP connection | 1.0.0.5      | Additional SNMP connection must be configured |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 140721093112           |
| 1.0.1.x   | 1407210931123213       |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Yes                 | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |
| 1.0.1.x   | Yes                 | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

The element using this driver can be automatically created by the parent element using the **Axon ACP Frame Manager** driver, but it can also be a standalone element.

### Connections

#### Serial Main Connection

This driver uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device, being the slot number of the card.

#### Serial Broadcast Connection

This driver uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device.

#### SNMP Broadcast Connection

This driver uses an SNMP connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.

## Usage

The element has the following data pages:

- **General**: This page displays general information about the card: **Card Name**, **Card Description**, **SW Revision**, **HW Revision**, etc.
- **Status:** This page contains IO delay and slot status information.
- **Video Status**
- **S2010 Status**
- **SCTE104 Status**
- **S2031-OP47-WST Status**
- **GPI Mode Status**
- **Video**
- **Delay**
- **S2010**
- **SCTE104:** This page contains the **Transcoder** subpage, with VANC transcoder information.
- **S2016**
- **S2031-OP47-WST**
- **GPI Mode**
- **Teletext:** This page contains the **AODB** subpage, with Axon Open Data Bridge protocol information.
- **X31**
- **Network**
- **Network Status**
- **Alarm Priority**: This page displays the event messages of the card, i.e. special messages generated asynchronously on the card.

## DataMiner Connectivity Framework

The Axon ACP protocol supports the usage of DCF and can only be used on a DMA with **8.5.4** as the minimum version.

DCF can also be implemented through the DataMiner DCF user interface and through DataMiner Third Party protocols (for instance a manager).

### Interfaces

#### Physical Interfaces

- **SDI Input 1**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **SDI Input 2**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **SDI Input 3**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **SDI Input 4**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **SDI Output 1**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SDI Output 2**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SDI Output 3**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SDI Output 4**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.

#### Virtual Interfaces

- **Internal Switch**: A single fixed interface of type **inout**.

### Connections

#### Internal Connections

- Dynamic Connections

<!-- -->

- Between **SDI Input 1** and **Internal Switch**.
  - Between **SDI Input 2** and **Internal Switch**.
  - Between **SDI Input 3** and **Internal Switch**.
  - Between **SDI Input 4** and **Internal Switch**.

<!-- -->

- Fixed Connections

<!-- -->

- Between **Internal Switch** and **SDI Output 1**.
  - Between **Internal Switch** and **SDI Output 1**.
  - Between **Internal Switch** and **SDI Output 1**.
  - Between **Internal Switch** and **SDI Output 1**.
