---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS11_-_2IX11
---

# Axon ACP ERS11 - 2IX11

The 2IX11 is a dual-channel high-performance SDI video and embedded audio probe with clean switch-over function.

The **Axon ACP ERS11 - 2IX11** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS11**.

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previously implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Rev. 02             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information: **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision**, **Hardware Revision**, etc.

### Status

This page contains generic status information: **Reference**, **Carrier**, **EDH**, **ANC**, etc.

### Input

For both channels, a page is available with the channel's audio status information: **Group in Use A/B**, **Silence Error A/B**, **Audio A/B 1**, **Audio A/B 2**, etc.

### Settings

This page contains generic configuration settings: **Format**, **Output Configuration**, **Input Selection**, etc.

### Channel

For both channels, a page is available with the channels's configuration settings: **ROIH Start A/B**, **Audio Channel A/B 1/2**, etc.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
