---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS11_-_ERS11
---

# Axon ACP ERS11 - ERS11

The ERS11 is the central controller of the Synapse system that includes an **SNMP** agent. It is used to configure, control and monitor **Synapse** systems and to provide network connectivity. It also provides an input for 2 independent references with loop-through.

The **Axon ACP ERS11 - ERS11** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS11.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previously implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Rev. 98             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information: **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision**, **Hardware Revision**, etc.

### Status

This page contains the card's generic status information: **Feature**, **SNMP**, **PSU**, **Temperature**, etc.

### MIB

This page provides an overview of which **card type** is inserted in which slot of the chassis, along with its **firmware**.

### Network

This page contains the card's network-related configuration settings: **IP Configuration**, **IP Address**, **Subnet Mask**, etc.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
