---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_-_HLI20
---

# Axon ACP - HLI20

The HLI20 is an HD/SD preset-based dual logo inserter/generator with clock insertion.

The Axon ACP - HLI20 connector can be used to display and configure information related to this device.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by the parent connector [Axon ACP](xref:Connector_help_Axon_ACP).

There are different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description**                                                                  | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.2.x          | Change in export rules.                                                          | Yes                 | Yes                     |
| 1.0.3.x          | Change in discrete display values.                                               | Yes                 | Yes                     |
| 1.0.1.x          | Changed logo separate parameters into table parameters for firmware version 2911 | Yes                 | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Device Firmware Version**                                |
|------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.0.2.x          | 2009, 2210, 2310, 2511, 2611, 2711, 2911, 3011, 3111, 3112 |
| 1.0.3.x          | 2009, 2210, 2310, 2511, 2611, 2711, 2911, 3011, 3111, 3112 |
| 1.0.1.x          | 2009, 2210, 2310, 2511, 2611, 2711, 2911, 3011, 3111, 3112 |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This element is automatically created by the parent element using the **Axon ACP** connector.

## Usage

This element has the following data pages:

- **General**: Displays general information about the card: Card Name, Card Description, SW Revision, HW Revision, etc.
- **Status**
- **Keyer**
- **I/O**
- **Inserter:** Displays the logo presets A and B as individual parameters. This page is hidden for firmware versions that have the logo presets shown in table form.
- **Clock**
- **NTP**
- **Network**
- **Alarm Priority**: Displays the event messages of the card, i.e. special messages generated asynchronously on the card.
- **Logo Generator A**: For firmware versions that support this, this page displays the logo presets A in table form. For other firmware versions, this page is hidden.
- **Logo Generator B**: For firmware versions that support this, this page displays the logo presets B in table form. For other firmware versions, this page is hidden.
- **Logo Scheduler A**: Allows you to alternate the A preset logos in a round-robin scheme.
- **Logo Scheduler B**: Allows you to alternate the B preset logos in a round-robin scheme.

## DataMiner Connectivity Framework

The Axon ACP protocol supports the usage of DCF and can only be used on a DMA with **8.5.4** as the minimum version.

DCF can also be implemented through the DataMiner DCF user interface and through DataMiner third-party connectors (for instance a manager).

Connectivity for this protocol is managed by the parent protocol Axon ACP.

### Interfaces

#### Physical Interfaces

- **SDI Input**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **REF Input 1**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **REF Input 2**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **SDI Output 1**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SDI Output 2**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SDI Preview Output**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **CVBS Output**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.

### Connections

#### Internal Connections

When a DVE child element is created, the following connections are established:

- Between **SDI Input** and **SDI Output 1**.
- Between **SDI Input** and **SDI Output 2**.
- Between **SDI Input** and **SDI Preview Output**.
- Between **SDI Input** and **CVBS Output**.

Depending on the state of the **Reference Input**, the following connections are established:

- **1**:

- Between **REF Input 1** and **SDI Output 1**.
  - Between **REF Input 1** and **SDI Output 2**.

- **2**:

- Between **REF Input 2** and **SDI Output 1**.
  - Between **REF Input 2** and **SDI Output 2**.
