---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS10_-_SLI10
---

# Axon ACP ERS10 - SLI10

The SLI10 is a logo inserter (SD only) with a preset-based logo recall function through a flexible user interface and local storage. Multiple logos, including animated ones, can be selected through the synapse menu or GPI.

The **Axon ACP ERS10 - SLI10** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS10.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previously implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Rev. 29             |
| 1.0.1.1            | Rev. 29             |
| 1.2.0.1            | Rev. 29             |
| 2.1.0.1            | Rev. 29             |
| 2.2.0.1            | Rev. 29             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information: **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision**, **Hardware Revision**, etc.

### Status

This page provides an overview of some generic information: **HD Capable**, **SDI Input**, **CRC Status**, etc.

### Logo

This page contains all status information and configuration settings related to the logo, such as **Image Width**, **Active Preset**, **Horizontal/Vertical Position**, etc.

### Network

This page contains the card's network-related status information and configuration settings, such as **IP Configuration**, **MAC Address**, etc.

### Settings

This page contains a number of settings related to Input, Control, etc., such as **GPI Control**, **Program Keyers**, etc.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
