---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS10_-_2IX11
---

# Axon ACP ERS10 - 2IX11

The 2IX11 is a dual-channel high-performance SDI video and embedded audio probe with clean switch-over function.

The **Axon ACP ERS10 - 2IX11** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information of the device. There are also different possibilities for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the parent connector **Axon ACP ERS10**.

### Product Info

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Rev. 02             |
| 1.0.1.1            | Rev. 02             |
| 1.2.0.1            | Rev. 02             |
| 2.1.0.1            | Rev. 02             |
| 2.2.0.1            | Rev. 02             |

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## How to use

The element using this connector consists of the following data pages:

- **General**: This page contains generic information, such as the **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision** and **Hardware Revision**.
- **Status**: This page contains generic status information, such as **Reference**, **Carrier**, **EDH**, **ANC**, etc.
- **Input**: For both channels, a page is available with the channel audio status information, such as **Group in Use A/B**, **Silence Error A/B**, **Audio A/B 1**, **Audio A/B 2**, etc.
- **Settings**: This page contains generic configuration settings, such as **Format**, **Output Configuration**, **Input Selection**, etc.
- **Channel**: For both channels, a page is available with the channel configuration settings, such as **ROIH Start A/B**, **Audio Channel A/B 1/2**, etc.
- **Alarm Priority**: This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
