---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS10_-_ASI10
---

# Axon ACP ERS10 - ASI10

The ASI10 is a dual-channel **ASI/DVB** integrity checker with a 2x2 output switch. Each output has a dual fan-out for distribution of the signal.

The **Axon ACP ERS10 - ASI10** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS10**.

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previously implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Rev. 11             |
| 1.0.1.1            | Rev. 11             |
| 1.2.0.1            | Rev. 11             |
| 2.1.0.1            | Rev. 11             |
| 2.2.0.1            | Rev. 11             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information: **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision**, **Hardware Revision**, etc.

### Status

This page indicates the current status of some specific parameters for both channels: **Active A/B**, **Link A/B**, **Data Rate High A/B**, etc.

### Settings

This page displays the current status of some ASI10 settings (e.g. **Output Configuration**, **Input Selection**, **Rate Status**, etc.) and allows you to change or adjust them.

### Channel A/B

For both channels, a page is available with the channel-related settings: **Max Data Rate A/B**, **Min Data Rate A/B**, **PAT Upper Dist A/B**, etc.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
