---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS10_-_DIO48
---

# Axon ACP ERS10 - DIO48

The DIO48 is a multi-functional product. Its basic function is the conversion of asynchronous **AES/EBU** digital audio into synchronous AES/EBU, utilizing the on-board sample rate converter. The card has a tracking audio delay, with a delay offset possibility up to 1300 ms, and it can perform the Synapse **ADD-ON** input and output function. Also provided in this module is shuffling and mixing of the AES channels. This board can be used as an input or output ADD-ON board.

The **Axon ACP ERS10 - DIO48** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS10.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previously implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Rev. 06             |
| 1.0.1.1            | Rev. 06             |
| 1.2.0.1            | Rev. 06             |
| 2.1.0.1            | Rev. 06             |
| 2.2.0.1            | Rev. 06             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information: **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision**, **Hardware Revision**, etc.

### Status

This page contains the card's generic status information: **Tracking Input**, **AES Input**, etc.

### Settings

This page contains the card's generic configuration settings: **Reference Input**, **Tracking**, **Channel Mode**, etc.

### Channels

For both channels, a page is available with the channel-related configuration settings: **Source A/B 1**, **Phase A/B 1**, **Gain A/B 1**, **Silence Detection A/B 1**, etc.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
