---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_ERS11_-_DAD26
---

# Axon ACP ERS11 - DAD26

The DAD26 is a dual **AES/EBU** channel digital audio distribution amplifier. It has 2 individual inputs and 2 times 3 outputs. All outputs can be assigned to a single input, making the device a 1 to 6 DA. A GPI-controlled switch can be used to enable a 2x2 or 2x1 function.

The **Axon ACP ERS11 - DAD26** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP ERS11.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previously implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Rev. 02             |
| 1.0.0.3            | Rev. 01             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information: **Card Name**, **Slot Number**, **Card ID**, **Software Revision**, **Hardware Revision**, etc.

### Amplifier

This page contains amplifier-related settings: **Mode**, **Input Selection**, **Switch Back**, etc.

### Alarm Priority

This page contains the individual priority settings for the supported events.
