---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_DAW88
---

# Axon ACP DAW88

The DAW88 is a channel watermark encoder based on Kantar Media encryption technology.

The **Axon ACP - DAW88** connector can be used to display and configure information related to this device.

## About

This connector can be automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP**.

There are different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Key Features**             | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|-----------|------------------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Initial version \[SLC Main\] | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 0101, 1711, 2111       |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

The element using this connector can be automatically created by the parent element using the **Axon ACP** connector, but it can also be a standalone element.

### Connections

#### Serial Main Connection

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device, being the slot number of the card.

#### Serial Broadcast Connection

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device.

## Usage

This element has the following data pages:

- **General**: This page displays general information about the card: **Card Name**, **Card Description**, **SW Revision**, **HW Revision**, etc.
- **AES**
- **Status**
- **Settings**
- **Watermark 1/4**
- **Watermark 5/8**
- **Watermark 9/12**
- **Watermark 13/16**
- **Quadspeed**
- **Alarm Priority**: This page displays the event messages of the card, i.e. special messages generated asynchronously on the card.
