---
uid: Connector_help_Axon_ACP_-_HXH40
---

# Axon ACP - HXH40

The HXH40 is an HD up-/down-/cross- & standards converter.

The **Axon ACP - HXH40** connector can be used to display and configure information related to this device.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Axon ACP**.

There are different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description**                   | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|-----------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.2.x          | Change in export rules.           | Yes                 | Yes                     |
| 1.0.3.x          | Change in discrete display values | Yes                 | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.2.x          | 1824, 1926                  |
| 1.0.3.x          | 1824, 1926                  |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This element is automatically created by the parent element using the **Axon ACP** connector.

## Usage

This element has the following data pages:

- **General**: This page displays general information about the card: **Card Name**, **Card Description**, **SW Revision**, **HW Revision**, etc.
- **Status**
- **Audio Status**
- **I/O**
- **Video**
- **Audio**
- **Embedder**
- **Settings**
- **Up Conversion**
- **Down Conversion**
- **Cross Conversion**
- **Standard Conversion**
- **Alarm Priority**: This page displays the event messages of the card, i.e. special messages generated asynchronously on the card.

## DataMiner Connectivity Framework

The Axon ACP protocol supports the usage of DCF and can only be used on a DMA with **8.5.4** as the minimum version.

DCF can also be implemented through the DataMiner DCF user interface and through DataMiner third-party connectors (for instance a manager).

Connectivity for this protocol is managed by the parent protocol Axon ACP.

### Interfaces

#### Physical Interfaces

- **SDI Input**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **REF Input 1**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **REF Input 2**: A single fixed interface of type **input**.
- **SDI Output 1**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SDI Output 2**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SDI Reclocked Output**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SYNAPSE Bus 1**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SYNAPSE Bus 2**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SYNAPSE Bus 3**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.
- **SYNAPSE Bus 4**: A single fixed interface of type **output**.

### Connections

#### Internal Connections

When a DVE child element is created, the following connections are established:

- **SDI Input** and **SDI Output 1**.
- Between **SDI Input** and **SDI Output 2**.
- Between **SDI Input** and **SDI Reclocked Output**.
- Between **SDI Input** and **SYNAPSE Bus 1**.
- Between **SDI Input** and **SYNAPSE Bus 2**.
- Between **SDI Input** and **SYNAPSE Bus 3**.
- Between **SDI Input** and **SYNAPSE Bus 4**.

Depending on the state of the **Reference Input**, the following connections are established:

- **1**:

- Between **REF Input 1** and **SDI Output 1**.
  - Between **REF Input 1** and **SDI Output 2**.

- **2**:

- Between **REF Input 2** and **SDI Output 1**.
  - Between **REF Input 2** and **SDI Output 2**.
