---
uid: Connector_help_Cambium_Networks_PTP_670
---

# Cambium Networks PTP 670

This SNMP connector can be used to monitor and configure the **Cambium Network Point to Point 670** device.

## About

Cambium PTP 670 Series Bridge products are designed for Ethernet bridging over point-to-point microwave links in licensed, unlicensed and lightly-licensed frequency bands between 4800 MHz and 6050 MHz.

The equipment acts as a transparent bridge between two segments of the operator's network. In this sense, it can be treated as a virtual wired connection between two points. It forwards 802.3 Ethernet frames destined for the other part of the network and filters frames it does not need to forward.

### Version Info

| Range | Description | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant |
|------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | 50670-02-50                 |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### SNMP Main Connection

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.

SNMP Settings:

- **IP port**: The IP port of the device.
- **Get community string**: Community string used when reading values from the device, by default *public*.
- **Set community string**: Community string used when setting values on the device, by default *private*.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information about the device, including the Unit Name, Wireless Status, Transmission Rate, Software and Hardware Version, and Device Identification.

### System Status

This page provides a general status view of the system operation.

### Configuration

This page allows unit information data management and device configuration and has the following management subpages:

- **QoS** (Quality of Service): Allows you to control the quality-of-service configuration and priorities for Schema, Queue mapping, Ethernet, Layer 2 Control Protocols (L2CP), IP DSCP and MPLS.
- **SFP** (Small Form-Factor Pluggable): Displays the configuration of how the unit connects to the network via the SFP interface.
- **TDM** (Time Division Multiplexing): Allows you to control how the unit handles E1 or T1 channels over the wireless bridge. Also displays a table for the TDM channels configuration.
- **DFS** (Dynamic Frequency Selection): Displays the configuration for the dynamic frequency selection.
- **NIDU** (Network Indoor Unit): Displays the configuration for the network indoor unit.
- **Bridging**: Displays the configuration for bridging communication, filtering status and pause frames management.
- **Router**: Displays the detailed configuration for router communication.
- **Main** **Port**: Displays the detailed configuration for the main port unit.
- **Auxiliary** **Port**: Displays the detailed configuration for the auxiliary port unit.

### Cable Diagnostics

Use this page to manage and perform the cable diagnostics feature.

The table contains the result of the test performed on individual twisted pairs in the cable using the Time Domain Reflectometry technology, providing the state of the circuit and the approximate location of the fault.

### Alarms

This page contains the monitored status of the selected diagnostic alarm.

### Management - LAN

This page allows you to manage the Ethernet interface. Additional management is possible via the following page buttons:

- **VLAN**: Contains the settings for priority, ID, and transparent clock for the VLAN.
- **Synchronous Ethernet**: Contains the settings for the synchronous Ethernet configuration.

### Management - SMTP

This page allows you to manage the simple mail transfer protocol and notification settings. Via the **SMTP Messages** page button, you can manage the SMTP messages generated by alarms.

### Management - SNMP

This page allows you to manage the simple network management protocol settings. Via the **SMTP Traps** page button, you can manage the events caused by alarms that will trigger an SNMP trap.

### Management - SNTP

This page allows you to manage the simple network time protocol settings to set the real-time clock. The **SNTP Server** table allows you to configure the IP and port for the servers to be used.

### Management - Web

This page allows you to configure the web-based management of the unit for HTTP, Telnet and TFTP.

### Management - Wireless

This page contains the wireless configuration, transmission configuration and statistics. It has the following subpages:

- **Wireless detail**: This page contains additional wireless configuration parameters.
- **Transmission**: Allows you to manage the radio transmission and the channels to use. Additional parameters related to transmission are also available.

### Authorization Control

This page allows you to manage remote access control by enabling or disabling the WhiteList and BlackList Mac Address.

### License

This page contains information related to the license granted for the device. The **Bands** page button displays the **License Regulatory Bands** table configured for the device.

### User Control

This page allows you to manage the password created for users to access the device.

### Traps

This page displays the last events that have occurred according to the SNMP diagnostic alarms.

### Web Interface

This page displays the web interface of the device. Note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.
