---
uid: Connector_help_Castlerock_SNMPc_-_Node
---

# Castlerock SNMPc Node

This connector displays detailed information regarding a device connected to the Castlerock SNMPc.

## About

This connector is used for **the created DVEs** corresponding to specific nodes in the **Node Table** on the **Device page** of the parent connector **Castlerock SNMPc**.

Note that a DVE is only created if a specific cell is toggled and the DVE can also be removed again in a similar manner. Refer to the connector help of the parent connector for more information.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector Castlerock SNMPc, range 1.0.1.x.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.1.x          | Unknown                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

DVEs running this connector can only be created via the parent connector. More details on how to set up a connection with the device can be found on the connector help page of the parent connector.

## Usage

### General

This page contains all raw data that is stored for the specific entry (in the SNMPc Node Table) corresponding to the node of the DVE. The information is updated once every hour.

### Events

This page is synchronized with the Events table in the parent connector, but only shows the events relevant to this specific node. The foreign key used for this filtering is the Map ID.

### Info Events

This page is synchronized with the Info Events table in the parent connector, but only shows the info events relevant to this specific node. The foreign key used for this filtering is the Map ID.
