---
uid: Connector_help_Castlerock_SNMPc_Node
---

# Castlerock SNMPc Node

This driver displays the details of a device connected to the Castlerock SNMPc.

## About

### Version Info

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>Range</strong></td>
<td><strong>Key Features</strong></td>
<td><strong>Based on</strong></td>
<td><strong>System Impact</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1.0.0.x</td>
<td><p>This driver is used for <strong>the created DVEs</strong> of one specific node found in the <strong>Node Table</strong> on the <strong>Device page</strong> of the parent driver <a href="/Driver%20Help/Castlerock%20SNMPc.aspx">Castlerock SNMPc</a><strong>.</strong> Note that the DVE is only created if the specific cell is toggled (see parent driver help page) and this creation can be undone.</p>
<p>This driver is automatically generated by the driver Castlerock SNMPc range 1.0.0.x.</p></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>2.0.0.x [SLC Main]</td>
<td><p>This driver is used for <strong>the created DVEs</strong> of one specific device found in the <strong>Devices Table</strong> on the <strong>Known IP Addresses page</strong> of the parent driver <a href="/Driver%20Help/Castlerock%20SNMPc.aspx">Castlerock SNMPc</a><strong>.</strong> Note that the DVE is only created if the specific cell is toggled (see parent driver help page) and there is a view with the same name as the Site Name of the device. This creation can be undone.</p>
<p>This driver is automatically generated by driver Castlerock SNMPc range 2.0.0.x.</p></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | N/A                    |
| 2.0.0.x   | N/A                    |

## Configuration

DVEs running this driver can only be created via the parent driver. More details on how to set up a connection with the device can be found on the driver help page of the parent driver.

## How to use

### Range 1.0.0.x

The **General** page of the driver contains all the raw data that is storedfor the node (corresponding to a specific entry in the SNMPc Node Table). The information is updated once every hour.

The **Traps** page is synchronized with the Traps table in the parent driver. However, this page shows only the traps for this specific node. The Map ID is the foreign key used to filter out his data.

This **Info Events** page is synchronized with the Info Events table in the parent driver. However, this page only shows the info events for this specific node. The Map ID is the foreign key used to filter out his data.

### Range 2.0.0.x

This **General** page contains a summary consisting of the IP Address, Device Name, and Site Name of the DVE. Next to this summary, you can find the Traps Table, which is fully synchronized with the Traps Table in the parent driver. However, this table only shows the traps for this specific device. The IP Address is the foreign key used to filter out his data.
