---
uid: Connector_help_CEFD_Memotec_CXU-810
---

# CEFD Memotec CXU-810

The Memotec CXU-810 RAN Optimizer is a modular mobile backhaul platform that delivers 2G/3G Radio Access Network (RAN) aggregation and traffic optimization. Designed to interoperate with the CDM-840 Remote Router with integrated RAN optimization, the CXU-810 can be deployed at the BSC/RNC locations and other aggregation points across the RAN.

## About

This connector is intended to get/set information from/to the device via an Element in a DataMiner System, using SNMP commands.

To get more detailed information consult the website <http://www.comtechefdata.com/products/advanced-vsat-solutions>.

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

**SNMP CONNECTION**:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device, e.g. *10.11.12.13*
- **Device address**: not used

**SNMP Settings**:

- **Port number**: the port of the connected device, default *161*
- **Get community string**: the community string in order to read from the device. The default value is *public*.
- **Set community string**: the community string in order to set to the device. The default value is *private.*

## Usage

### Status - System

This page gives access to data regarding the **Device Information**, **Device Characteristics** and **Device Status**.

### Status - Traffic Link

In the page is present the **Traffic Channels Table**.

### Alarms

Access this page to get information about alarms generated by the device.

On the top is the information about the latest alarm. The **Active Alarms** table shows all active alarms and the **Alarm History** table shows a log of all the alarms generated by the device.

To manage the alarm settings use the **Alarm Management** page button.

### Web Interface

Use this page to have access to the Web Interface provided by the device's web server (Only accessible in LAN environment).
