---
uid: Connector_help_CEFD_CDM-625A_Serial_(FSK)
---

# CEFD CDM-625A Serial (FSK)

The CEFD CDM-625A Serial (FSK) connector is used by DVEs created by the **CEFD CDM-625A Serial** protocol. The exported connector is specifically used to monitor the FSK functionality of the CEFD CDM-625A Serial connector.

## About

This connector is exported by the CEFD CDM-625A Serial protocol, and mainly allows the user to control and monitor BUC/LNB components.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | 1.4.1                       |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **CEFD CDM-625A Serial**, range 1.0.0.x, if the **FSK Enabled** option on the FSK page is enabled.

## Usage

### BUC

This page allows you to monitor and control BUC features, such as:

- **BUC Alarm**: BUC status/faults.
- **BUC Power**: BUC power control.
- **BUC 10Mhz Reference**: Allows you to enable or disable the reference.
- **BUC Output:** Allows you to enable or disable the output power.
- **BUC Low Current Limit**
- **BUC High Current Limit**
- **Tx LO Frequency**: The transmit LO frequency.
- **Tx Mix**: The transmit mix.
- **BUC Tx Satellite Frequency**: The transmit satellite frequency.
- **BUC Terminal Tx Frequency**: The terminal transmit frequency.
- **BUC Power Level 2**: The output power level in 0.1 dBm steps.
- **BUC Address**
- **BUC Current**
- **BUC Voltage**
- **BUC Power Level**
- **Temperature Level**
- **BUC Phase Locked Loop:** Only valid when FSK/BUC are turned on.
- **BUC Carrier Output Delay**

### LNB

On this page you can view and monitor the following information:

- **LNB Alarm:** LNB status/faults
- **LNB Power**: LNB power control.
- **LNB Frequency Reference**
- **LNB Output**: Allows you to enable or disable the output power.
- **LNB Low Current Limit**
- **LNB High Current Limit**
- **Rx LO Frequency**: The receive LO frequency.
- **Rx Mix**: The receive mix.
- **LNB Terminal Rx Frequency**: The terminal receive frequency.
- **LNB Current**
- **LNB Voltage**
