---
uid: Connector_help_CEFD_CDM-570_Serial_(FSK)
---

# CEFD CDM-570 Serial (FSK)

The **CDM-570 Serial (FSK)** is a DVE driver. It will show Comtech EF Data's external connected Block Upconverters (BUCs) and Low-Noise Block Downcoverters (LNBs) values.

## About

This driver is intended to communicate with CDM-570 devices using serial commands as described in the device manual.

Note: This driver is automatically generated by driver CEFD CDM 570 Serial.

Supported firmware versions

| **Driver Range** | **Device Firmware Version**          |
|------------------|--------------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Boot:1.1.1 Bulk1:1.6.16 Bulk2:1.6.16 |
| 2.0.0.x          | Boot:1.1.1 Bulk1:1.6.16 Bulk2:1.6.16 |
| 3.0.0.x          | Boot:1.1.1 Bulk1:1.6.16 Bulk2:1.6.16 |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

***Serial Main connection***
This driver uses a Serial connection and needs the following user information:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - IP address/host: The polling IP of the device
  - IP port: \[The IP port of the device. Indicate if required or not. If so, specify default value and range.\]
  - Bus address: \[The bus address of the device. Indicate if required or not. If so, specify default value, range and format.\]

## Usage

### BUC

Use this page to configure Block Up Converter parameters and to check BUC status for L-Band operation.

- Use the provided toggle buttons to turn **BUC DC Power Control**, **10 MHz Reference**, **RF** **Output** and **Communication** to *Enabled* or *Disabled*.
- **BUC Low** and **High Current Limit** value ranging from *0* to *4000* mA.
- **BUC Lockout Frequency** from *3000* to *65000* MHz and designate the value as a *HIGH (+)* or *LOW (-)* limit.
- **BUC Address** from *0* to *15*.

> BUC Status: The values displayed in this section are read-only **** and cannot be changed.

### LNB

Use this page to configure Low-Noise Block Down Converter parameters and to check LNB status for L-Band operation.

- **DC Supply Voltage:** *Off* or On with *13*, *18* or *24* V.
- **LNB 10MHz Reference:** Enable operations *Disabled* or *Enabled*.
- Assign **LNB Current Lower** and **Current Upper Alarm Limit** values ranging from *10* to *600* mA.
- Assign an **Rx Lockout Frequency** and designate the value as a *HIGH (+)* or *LOW (-)* limit.

> LNB Status: The **LNB Current** and **LNB Voltage** values displayed in this section are read-only **** and cannot be changed.
