---
uid: Connector_help_Ceragon_Networks_Netmaster_-_Device
---

# Ceragon Networks Netmaster - Device

The **Ceragon Networks Netmaster** is a **Management System**. This connector communicates with one of the systems listed in the **Ceragon Networks Netmaster** connector.

## About

This connector is generated by the **Ceragon Networks Netmaster** connector, when a user enables the export for a particular element in that connector.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | R14 Rev. A                  |
| 1.0.1.x          | R14 Rev. A                  |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the connector **Ceragon Networks Netmaster connector**. No configuration is necessary or possible.

## Usage (range 1.0.0.x)

This connector contains only one page, the **Alarms** page. It displays information about the alarms that are detected in the NMS, via traps or via SNMP polling. This includes information such as **Event Alarm Time**, **Object Name**, **Native Probable** **Cause**, etc.

## Usage (range 1.0.1.x)

This connector contains only one page, the **Alarms** page. It contains two alarm tables:

- **Alarms Table**: Displays information about the alarms detected in the NMS, via traps or via SNMP polling. This includes information such as **Event Alarm Time**, **Object Name**, **Native Probable** **Cause**, etc. The index of this alarm table uses the alarm index from the traps.
- **New Alarms Table**: This table is similar to the Alarms Table; however, the index of this table uses a combination of two bindings from Ceragon alarm traps. The bindings are combined as **\[netmasterAlarmResourceDisplayName/netmasterAlarmNativeProbableCause\]**.
