---
uid: Connector_help_CLS_Tracking_Platform_-_Tracker
---

# CLS Tracking Platform - Tracker

This is a virtual connector that can be used to display the latest values read from an FTP drive.

## About

This connector is exported for each tracker. It shows the last known position coordinates, the timestamp and other general information.

This connector is automatically generated by connector [CLS Tracking Platform 1.0.0.1](xref:Connector_help_CLS_Tracking_Platform).

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is automatically generated by the parent connector [CLS Tracking Platform 1.0.0.1](xref:Connector_help_CLS_Tracking_Platform).

### Configuration

On the **FTP Credentials** page, you should enter the **FTP IP Address**, **User** and **Password** to log on to this server.

## Usage

### General

This page displays several general settings, such as whether to **Auto Read FTP Files**, the **FTP Import Progress**, the **Last FTP Status** and the **FTP Table**, which shows the status of the file names that have been or are being downloaded, and the current status.

Files are usually only read once from the FTP server.

Via the **Clear FTP Table** button, you can clear the FTP Table. The next time the files are read, everything will be processed again.

With the **Read Files** button, you can download and process the files that are not yet in the table.

### GPS

This page displays the **GPS Table**, which is a logger table for past information. It contains information such as the **Program**, the **PTT**, the **Latitude** and **Longitude**, and the **Message Date**.

### Trackers

This page displays the **Trackers Table**, which keeps track of the latest location information of the trackers. It contains information such as the **Tracker ID**, the **Location Date**, the **Current Longitude**, the **Message Date**, etc.

Below the table, a number of options are available that allow you to configure when trackers are deleted from the table:

- **Interactivity Interval**: Allows you to configure a time interval, so that trackers that did not send an update within the configured interval are set to the *Deleted* state in the table.
- **Trackers Auto Removal**: Can be enabled to ensure that any tracker that is in the *Deleted* state is removed automatically.
- **Remove All Trackers**: Forces the deletion of all trackers that are marked for deletion.

Note that you can always delete an individual tracker by clicking the **Remove** button in the relevant row in the Trackers Table.
