---
uid: Connector_help_Concurrent_Mediahawk_4500_-_Host
---

# Concurrent Mediahawk 4500 - Host

This connector can be used to monitor **Concurrent Mediahawk 4500** devices via SNMPv2.

## About

This connector is used to monitor **Concurrent Mediahawk 4500** video server devices. It is automatically generated by the Concurrent Mediahawk 4500 parent connector.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description**                 | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|---------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version                 | No                  | No                      |
| 1.1.0.x          | Initial version                 | No                  | No                      |
| 1.1.1.x          | Initial version (connector review) | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Device Firmware Version**     |
|------------------|---------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Unknown                         |
| 1.1.0.x          | Unknown                         |
| 1.1.1.x          | CCUR Video Server Version 3.2.5 |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage (1.0.0.x)

### Hosts

This page displays the lists of hosts, as well as the number of **OK Hosts** and **NOT OK Hosts**.

### Video

This page displays the **Video Pumps Table**.

### Resources

This page contains tables displaying the **Disk Resources**, **Service Providers**, **Clusters** and **Network Resources**.

### Elements

This page displays a list of **Elements** and **Content Providers** in the current SPS instance.

### Streams

This page displays tables with stream information for **Service Elements**, **Current Streams**, **Video Instances** and **Network Resources**.

### Sessions

This page displays tables with information related to the current sessions and the active users. It also provides the option to refresh the tables.

### Content

This page displays tables with information on the content service elements and content objects.

### Errors

This page displays information on the last errors to occur in the stream and application service elements.

## Usage (1.1.0.x)

### Hosts

This page displays the lists of hosts, as well as the number of **OK Hosts** and **NOT OK Hosts.** There is also information regarding the number of streams and bandwidth at the bottom of the page.

### Video

This page displays video server information, such as video pumps, video information, and each instance of videos on the server. You can also disable or enable polling of the video tables.

### Resources

This page contains tables displaying the **Disk Resources**, **Service Providers**, **Clusters** and **Network Resources**. Separate pages are available for resources associated with RFS, RTC, RTP, etc. You can also disable or enable polling for the each of these tables.

### Cache

This page displays a table with the **Cache File Instances**. You can also disable or enable polling of the cache table.

### Elements

This page displays a list of **Elements** and **Content Providers** for the current instance.

### Streams

This page displays tables with stream information for service elements, current streams, video instances and network resources. You can also disable or enable the polling of individual stream tables.

### Sessions

This page displays tables with information related to the current sessions and the active users. You can also disable or enable polling of each table.

### Content

This page displays tables with information on the content service elements and content objects. You can also disable or enable polling of each table.

### Menu

This page displays tables with information on the menus on the video server.

### Media

This page contains tables with information on the media available on the video server. You can also disable or enable polling of the media tables.

### Service Groups

This page displays information regarding the service groups and the associated attachments. You can also disable or enable polling of the service group tables.

### Attachments

This page displays the **Disk Attachments Table**.

### Disks

This page displays tables with disk information for **Drives**, **Paths**, and **Partitions**. A pop-up page displays additional information, such as the **Number of Disks, Disk Kbytes per Sec, Disk Array ID**, etc.

### Environmental Status Page

This page displays information about **Temperatures**, **Fan Status** and **Power Supply**.

A pop-up page displays information on the **Video Engine Health**, **Array Health**, etc. It also allows you to choose a specific device to enable, disable or shut down, or to erase the event data for a specific device.

### Configuration

This page allows you to disable or enable polling for each table of the element.

### Errors

This page displays information on the last errors to occur in the stream and application service elements.

## Usage (1.1.1.x)

### General Page

This page displays information about general parameters.

### Video Page

This page displays tables with information about the **Video Pump Table**.

### Resources Page

This page displays tables with information about the **Service Providers**. It also contains several page buttons that provide access to the **RFS Table**, **Media Server Table**, etc.

### Streams Page

This page displays tables with information about the **Streams**.

### Attachments Page

This page displays a table with information about **Disk Attachments**.

### Disks Page

This page displays a number of tables with information about the **Disk Drives**, **Partitions** and **Paths**.

### Environmental Status Page

This page displays information about **Temperatures**, **Fan Status** and **Power Supply**.

### Web Interface

This page displays the web interface of the device. However, note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.
