---
uid: Connector_help_CPI_02000071
---

# CPI 02000071

This connector monitors the activity of the CPI 02000071 switchover unit. This switch controller can be interfaced with any type of amplifier that provides a dry contact output for fault status. Amplifiers could be HPAs or TWTs. Amplifier inhibits are generated based on the switch position of the two waveguide switches and may be influenced by the external alarm fault input.

## About

This connector polls data from the device using a serial connection.

### Version Info

| Range | Description | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant |
|----------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Unknown                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### Serial main connection

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Direct connection:
  - **Baudrate**: Baudrate specified in the manual of the device.
  - **Databits**: Databits specified in the manual of the device, by default *7*.
  - **Stopbits**: Stopbits specified in the manual of the device, by default *1*.
  - **Parity**: Parity specified in the manual of the device, by default *no*.
  - **FlowControl**: FlowControl specified in the manual of the device.
- Interface connection:
  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.
  - **IP port**: The IP port of the device.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device. (Range: *111 - 48*.)

## Usage

### General

This page displays information about the device and the **Amplifier States**. The **Switch Controller Mode** parameter changes the mode of operation of the device (*Manual*/*Auto*). It is possible to change the switch positions with the **Toggle Switch** button.
