---
uid: Connector_help_CPI_01032300
---

# CPI 01032300

This connector displays information about the **CPI 01032300** switch device, together with information about the amplifiers that are connected to it.

## About

All information will be retrieved via the amplifiers connected to the switch.

All amplifiers connected to a **CPI 01032300** switch will contain **waveguide switches positions** that are synced together so that no matter from which amplifier we retrieve those waveguide switches, the values will be the same.

Therefore, we only retrieve this from one amplifier. You can manually configure which amplifier is used as reference.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description**                                                                                                                                | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | *obsolete*                                                                                                                                     | No                  | No                      |
| 1.1.0.x          | *obsolete* (was causing double polling on the amplifier devices)                                                                               | No                  | No                      |
| 2.0.0.x          | *obsolete* (was causing double polling on the amplifier devices)                                                                               | No                  | No                      |
| 3.0.0.x          | Virtual connector used to let DataMiner know which amplifier is connected to which switch. Only **CPI T07DO** amplifiers are currently supported. | No                  | No                      |

### Product Info

This connector is not actually polling any data from the **CPI 01032300** device, so any firmware version is supported.

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector uses a **virtual connection** and does not require any input during element creation.

### Configuration of amplifers connected to the switch

Once a **CPI 01032300** element is created, go to the **General** page and configure which amplifiers are connected to the device.

Once this is done, the Visual Overview of the element will display information retrieved from the amplifiers (such as the **waveguide switches positions**).

Optionally, regular ping queries can be configured on the **Ping** page, in order to test the switch availability.

## Usage

### General

16 amplifiers can be connected to a **CPI 01032300** switch. As such, the General page displays 16 parameters with the name "HPA X Element" (where X is a number representing the amplifier position on the **CPI 01032300** switch device). These parameters should be manually set to the name of the element that is used to monitor and control the corresponding amplifiers.

In addition, the **Reference HPA Element** parameter is used in Visual Overview to know from which amplifier the **waveguide switches positions** should be retrieved. By default, one of the configured amplifiers will randomly be chosen. However, you can also manually set which amplifier is to be used as reference element.

### Ping

This page allows you to regularly ping the **CPI 01032300** switch in order to check its availability.

## Notes

This connector relies on a **Visio file** to allow proper **monitoring and control**. Behind the scenes, this is in fact done via the **configured amplifier elements**.
