---
uid: Connector_help_CPI_4940L
---

# CPI 4940L

The **CPI 4940L** is a block upconverter.

## About

This connector uses **serial** communication.

### Version Info

| Range | Description | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant |
|------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version | Yes                 | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | 3.08                        |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### Serial main connection

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.
  - **IP port**: The IP port of the device.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device, e.g. *95*.

## Usage

### General Page

This page contains general information about the device, such as **Redundancy Mode**, **PA Status**, **LED Status**, and the status of all **TX Communications, including RS232, RS485, FSK, HTTP, SNMP** and **Telnet**.

It also contains the parameters **Firmware Version**, **Model No.**, **Serial No.**, and **Firmware P/No**.

### Amplifier Page

This page contains operational data about the device, such as:

- **O/P Power**, **Burst Power**, **Minimum/Maximum Burst Power**, **Temperature (degC) IF I/P Power**, **Minimum/Maximum IF I/P Power** and **External Reference Power**.
- **Minimum/Maximum IF Frequency**, **Minimum/Maximum RF Frequency**, **Minimum/Maximum Power Meter**, **LO1 Frequency** and **LO2 Frequency**.

There are also a number of page buttons:

- **Debug:** Displays the raw information coming from the device.
- **Network:** Allows you to view/configure **IP Address**, **Subnet Mask** and **Default Gateway.**
- **Serial:** Allows you to view/configure **Data Rate**, **Word Length**, **Parity**, **Stop Bits** and **Serial Bus.**

### Fault Page

This page contains **Fault Status** information about the device.

It contains the **Current** and **Latched** status for each of the following parameters: **PA**, **Fan**, **Power Thresh**, **BUC Temp**, **Ext Ref**, **Internal**, **LNB**, **Redundancy Controller**, **IFL DC U/V** and **IFL IP O/D**.

## DataMiner Connectivity Framework

The **1.0.0.1** connector range of the CPI 4940L protocol supports the usage of DCF and can only be used on a DMA with **8.5.4** as the minimum version.

DCF can also be implemented through the DataMiner DCF user interface and through DataMiner third-party connectors (for instance a manager).

### Interfaces

#### Fixed interfaces

Physical fixed interfaces::

- This device has one fixed **input** interface and one fixed **output** interface.

### Connections

#### Internal Connections

Between **Input 1** and **Output 1**, an internal connection is created with the following properties:

- Connection of property **InOut.**
