---
uid: Connector_help_Crucible_Technologies_Meter_Driver_-_Meter
---

# Crucible Technologies Meter Driver - Meter Name

This connector collects the logging information of one the meters of a *Meter Logger 100*, manufactured by *Crucible Technologies*.

The Meter Logger 100 is a simple-to-use interface device which converts the pulse outputs from up to 3 utility meters into both a graphical display on a webpage and formatted downloadable data.

## About

The connector allows the user to view the logged consumption of a utility meter attached to the *Meter Logger 100*. Using alarming and trending abnormal consumption can then be detected. The information is retrieved using the XML download page provided by the device.

This connector is automatically generated by connector *Crucible Technologies Meter Driver* range 1.0.0.x

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | 1.6a                        |

## Usage

### General

The consumption data logged by the meter can be consulted. The following information is available:

- **Unit**: The unit in which the consumption is indicated.
- **Current Consumption**: Consumption during the day, updated every half hour. The consumption is reset at the start of the day.
- **Daily Consumption**: Consumption of the last day, updated every day with last day's consumption total. This total can be reset using the *Reset Daily* button, to mask abnormal behavior.
- **Weekly Consumption**: Consumption of the last week, updated at the start of each week with last week's consumption total. This total can be reset using the *Reset Weekly* button, to mask abnormal behavior.
- **Monthly Consumption**: Consumption of the last month, updated at the start of a month with last month's consumption total. This total can be reset using the *Reset Monthly* button, to mask abnormal behavior.
- **Daily History**: Consumption history of today as logged by the device. Reset at the start of the day.
- **Weekly History**: Consumption history of this week as logged by the device. Reset at the start of the week.
- **Monthly History**: Consumption history of this month day as logged by the device. Reset at the start of the month.
