---
uid: Connector_help_Crystal_Vision_Safe_Switch_3G
---

# Crystal Vision Safe Switch 3G

The **Crysal Vision Safe Switch 3G** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Crystal Vision Indigo** range 2.0.0.X.

## About

The Crystal Vision Indigo makes it possible to monitor and control many devices connected to the chassis.

All data is retrieved using an SNMP connection. The bus address of an element is used to indicate the card number to poll.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 2.0.0.x          |                             |

## Installation and Configuration

A DVE using this connector is **automatically created** by an element using the parent connector.

## Usage

### Alarm Trigger Levels

On this page you can configure the **Alarm Delays** in seconds (from 2 - 120) but also the Black Threshold to determine the level of digital black before an alarm is triggered and also configure the Audio Silence Level.

### Audio Status

This page contains various status of both Inputs. Audio silence check is performed for each of the four channels in the selected group.

### Fault Indicators

This page contains two main fault indicators (Fault Indicator A and Fault Indicator B) that can be set to a number of parameters such as **Video Frozen**, **Missing Input**, etc.

### GPIOS and Reset

This section has three pages, in each page you can configure all the properties of four GPIOs making a total of twelve. There is also a Factory Reset Button.

### Video and CRC/EDH Error Status

This page contains the video format and status of both inputs and the corresponding active outputs.

### Video Samples and Line Status

This page contains the video samples for each standard Video Resolution.

### Video Settings

This page contains the settings for the **Switching**, **Output Standard** and **Lock Configurations**. There is also a button for the AutoSwitch configuration page, here the automatic switching can be activated and also the following actions depending on the faults detected.
