---
uid: Connector_help_DEV1951
---

# DEV1951

This connector can be used to monitor the **Universal Switch Chassis** (product number 1951) of DEV (previously known as DEV Systemtechnik, but now acquisitioned by Quintech Electronics and Communications Inc.).

## About

The device can fit two modules that are both monitored by DataMiner using SNMP.

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

**SNMP CONNECTION:**

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.

**SNMP Settings:**

- **Port number**: The port of the connected device, by default *161*.
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device. The default value is *public*.
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device. The default value is *private*.

### Configuration

If you wish to use the Matrix component, the dimensions of the matrix must be manually configured. See "Matrix Settings" below.

## Usage

### General

This page contains mainly of two groups of parameters:

1. Status parameters:

   - **Number of Channels**
   - **Internal Device Status**
   - **Control Mode**
   - ...

1. Device Information:

   - **Device Firmware**
   - **System Description**
   - ...

There are also several page buttons that display tables with status information about **Fans**, **Power Lines** and **Power Supplies**.

### Switch

This page contains an overview of the switches in the system.

### Ports

This page lists all physical ports in the system, with parameters such as **Port Type**, **Port RF Sense**, **BIAS**, etc.

### Alarms

This page contains the **Alarm Overview** table. It displays the **Alarm Number**, **Date Time**, **Description**, etc.

With the **Alarm Config...** page button below the table, you can define which alarm types should be activated.

The following alarms can be disabled:

- **Internal Error**
- **Power Supply**
- **Fan**
- **Switch Card**
- **Input Card**
- **Output Card**
- **Matrix Card**
- **Amplifier Card**
- **Optical Card**
- **Communication**

### Matrix

This page contains a Matrix control showing the signal flow in the device.

Because the size of the matrix is dynamic, depending on the cards mounted in the chassis, and it is not possible to autodetect this setting, the size must be defined by the operator. This can be done on the "Matrix Settings" page (see below).

### Matrix Settings

On this page, you can set the size of the matrix control (displayed on the **Matrix** page).

To do so, set the parameters **Number of Inputs** and **Number of Outputs** to the desired number of inputs and outputs and then click the **Update Ports** button.
