---
uid: Connector_help_DEV_Switch_Module
---

# DEV Switch Module

The **DEV Switch Module** connector is an exported connector that displays all information of a single DVE element generated by the **DEV Switch SNMP** connector.

The connector displays this information on two pages, one for each port of the module. This division into two ports is only relevant for a DEV 7113 1:1-device. However, a DVE element can still be used as a separate element for a specific port of the DEV1951, for instance.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features**                        | **Based on** | **System Impact**          |
|----------------------|-----------------------------------------|--------------|----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x              | Initial version.                        | \-           |                            |
| 2.0.0.x              | DVEs added.                             | 1.0.0.2      | \-                         |
| 3.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Support added for two ports per module. | 2.0.0.5      | Will delete existing DVEs. |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware**                                      |
|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Unknown                                                     |
| 2.0.0.x   | Unknown                                                     |
| 3.0.0.x   | A.08 (DEV1951) B.01 (DEV1520) P.01 (DEV7113) Q.03 (DEV2190) |

## Configuration

### Initialization

No extra configuration is needed.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

### Web Interface

The web interface is only accessible when the client machine has network access to the product.

## How to use

The element created with this connector has two data pages, **Module - Port A** and **Module - Port B**. These each display information about a specific port of the DVE element.

On the left side of each page, you can view information on the module, while on the right side, module settings can be configured.

## DataMiner Connectivity Framework

The **3.0.0.x** connector range of the DEV Switch Module protocol supports the usage of DCF and can only be used on a DMA with **8.5.4** as the minimum version.

DCF can also be implemented through the DataMiner DCF user interface and through DataMiner third-party connectors (for instance a manager).

Connectivity for this connector is managed by the parent connector DEV Switch SNMP.
