---
uid: Connector_help_DEV_8120
---

# DEV 8120

This connector can be used to monitor and control the Quintech DEV 8120 LNB powering system.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|-----------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 32-0055 C.01           |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### SNMP Connection

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.

SNMP Settings:

- **Port Number:** The port of the connected device (default: *161).*
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device (default: *public*).
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device (default: *private*).

### Web Interface

The web interface is only accessible when the client machine has network access to the product.

## How to Use

### General

This page displays general information about the device, including its name, uptime, and vendor. It also allows you to set the control mode of the device (*Local* or *Remote*).

### Channels

This page contains an overview of the **Ports Table**. The "Surveillance Enable" column allows you to enable or disable the alarm monitoring of the power supply current state.

### Errors

This page contains a table with an overview of the errors.

### Masks Setup

This page allows you to set both the **Trap and Error Masks**.

The error mask allows you to mask some types of errors, while the trap mask allows you to enable or disable the traps sent by the device. Both masks are controlled by a set of toggle buttons.
