---
uid: Connector_help_DEV_7000
---

# DEV 7000

This connector can be used to monitor the **DEV 7000 series modular system** of DEV.

## About

The chassis DEV7103 and DEV7123 are the base of the system.

### Version Info

| Range | Description | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant |
|------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | A.08                        |

### Exported connectors

| **Exported Connector** | **Description**      |
|-----------------------|----------------------|
| DEV 7000 - RX         | Receiver channels    |
| DEV 7000 - TX         | Transmitter channels |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### SNMP main connection

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.

SNMP Settings:

- **Port number**: The port of the connected device, by default *161*.
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device. The default value is *public*.
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device. The default value is *private*.

## Usage

### General

This page consists mainly of two groups of parameters:

1. Status parameters:

   - **Number of Channels**
   - **Control Mode**
   - ...

1. Device Information:

   - **Device Firmware**
   - **Mac Address**
   - ...

### Receiver Channels

This page contains an overview of the receiver channels in the system.

By enabling/disabling the **Create DVE** toggle button, you can create/delete an element in DataMiner for a specific receiver channel. In the **Receiver Channels DVE Table**, all the created DVEs are displayed, with the status of the card (*Active* or *Removed*).

You can remove a DVE by clicking the **Delete** button. With the button **Remove All Non Active Receiver DVEs**, you can delete all the DVEs with status **Removed**. When the parameter **Auto Remove Non Active Reveiver DVEs** is *enabled,* the connector will automatically delete the DVEs when they get the status **Removed**.

### Transmitter Channels

This page contains an overview of the transmitter channels in the system.

By enabling/disabling the **Create DVE** toggle button, you can create/delete an element in DataMiner for the specific transmitter channel. In the **Transmitter Channels DVE Table**, all the created DVEs are displayed, with the status of the card (*Active* or *Removed*).

You can remove a DVE by clicking the **Delete** button. With the button **Remove All Non Active Transmitter DVEs**, you can delete all the DVEs with status **Removed**. When the parameter **Auto Remove Non Active Transmitter DVEs** is *enabled*, the connector will automatically delete the DVEs when they get the status **Removed**.

### Error Table

This page contains the **Error Table**. It displays the **Error Nr**, **Error Count**, **Error Date**, etc.
