---
uid: Connector_help_DEV_4111
---

# DEV 4111

This is a DataMiner connector for the **DEV 4111**, a chassis that provides two slots for optical modules or amplifier modules.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Z.01                   |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### SNMP Main Connection

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
- **IP port**: The IP port of the destination.

SNMP Settings:

- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device (default: *public*).
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device (default: *private*).

### Initialization

No extra configuration is needed.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

### Web Interface

The web interface is only accessible when the client machine has network access to the product.

## How to use

The element created with this connector consists of the data pages detailed below.

### General

This page allows you to monitor and configure basic information about the device, e.g. **Instrument Type**, **Simultaneous Mode**.

It also contains a page button to the **Power Supplies** subpage, which displays the status of the power supplies.

### Ports

This page allows you to monitor and configure port information, e.g. **Input Power Limit**, **Output Power**.

### Traps

This page lists all traps received from the device.
