---
uid: Connector_help_Emerson_Chloride_80-NET
---

# Emerson Chloride 80-NET

The **Emerson Chloride 80-NET** connector monitors and allows the configuration of critical parameters of the Emerson Chloride 80-NET **UPS** device.

## About

This connector polls information from the device via **SNMP**. This includes device information and the status of main parameters and alarms.

Additionally, the connector also allows you to perform the basic configuration of the UPS (input and output voltage, frequency and startup/shutdown of the UPS).

### Version Info

| Range | Description | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant |
|------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | V1.04.110606                |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### SNMP Main Connection

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.

SNMP Settings:

- **Port number**: The port of the connected device, by default *161*.
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device, by default: *public*.
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device, by default: *private*.

## Usage

### General Page

This page display generic information related to the device, such as the **Mode**, **Manufacturer**, **Serial Number**, etc.

### Status Page

This page displays the status of the battery: the **Voltage**, **Current**, **Estimated Battery Life** and **Temperature**.

In addition, extra information about the **Input** and **Output** power (per line) is displayed.

### Control Page

On this page, you can control the **startup, (auto)restart** and **shutdown** of the UPS.

### Configurations Page

On this page, you can configure the **input/output** parameters of the UPS: **Voltage**, **Frequency** and **Power**.

### Alarms page

This page displays the **alarms** generated by the device.

### Web interface

This page allows access to the web interface of the device. However, note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.
