---
uid: Connector_help_Enensys_NetMod_DVBT2
---

# Enensys NetMod DVBT2

This connector is used to monitor the **Enensys NetMod DVBT2** device.

## About

With this connector, you can retrieve information about the input and output streams of the device (bitrates, frequency, etc.) and configure miscellaneous settings (traps, log file, etc.).

Data is retrieved via the **SNMP** protocol.

Information about the device is divided over multiple pages, which are grouped as follows:

- **General**, **Alarms** and **IP Configuration**: Information common to all Enensys devices.
- **NetMod** **Status**, **Input/Output**, **Linear Precondition**, **Non-Linear Pre-correction**, **Test Mode**: Information specific to the netMod modulator.
- **Web Interface**: The native web interface of the device.

## Installation and Configuration

### Creation

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

**SNMP Connection:**

- **IP address/host:** The polling IP of the device, e.g. *10.11.12.13*

**SNMP Settings:**

- **Port number**: The port of the connected device, by default *161*.
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device. The default value is *public*.
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device. The default value is *private*.

### Configuration of Alarm Monitoring

In order to enable alarm monitoring for this device in DataMiner's Alarm Console, make sure the parameter **Severity Current Alarm** is monitored in the alarm template (the default values are recommended). This way all alarms generated by the device will show up in the Alarm Console.

To configure the severity of the generated alarms for the various types of errors, go to the **Alarms** page and click the **Alarm Configurations...** page button. You can then configure the severity in the **Alarm Configuration Table**.

## Usage

### General Page

This page displays standard parameters and the device temperature. There are also buttons that can be used to make the **LED blink**, to **Reboot** the device and to reset the device to factory settings (**Factory Reset**).

The following page buttons are available:

- **Options**: Displays a list of the activated options.
- **Network** **interface**: Allows the configuration of the network interface.
- **Date** **and** **Time**: Allows you to change the date and time.
- **Trap** **receiver**: Allows you to configure the trap settings.

### Alarms Page

This page displays the **Current Active Alarms** and **Status** of the device, including a list of the active alarms in the **Current Alarms** table. Two additional buttons are available: **Clear Log** and **Refresh Log**.

The following page buttons are available:

- **Alarm Configurations**: Allows you to configure the severity of the alarms that are generated when certain errors occur on the device.
- **Log Table**: Displays the logging of the alarms activity and other useful information of the device.

### IP Configuration

This page displays information about the different network interfaces of the device.

### NetMod Status

This page displays general information about the netMod modulator: the bitrates and the **Selected Input**.

### Input/Output

On this page, you can select the input type of the device. The page also displays various information about the output streams.

### Linear Pre-Correction

On this page, you can enable and disable the linear pre-correction. The **Linear Pre-Correction Table** allows you to specify points for the pre-correction curve.

### Non-Linear Pre-Correction

On this page, you can enable and disable the non-linear-pre-correction, in the same way as on the **Linear Pre-Correction page**.

It is possible to switch between single and dual band pre-correction.

### Test Mode

On this page, you can specify which parameters to use when the device is in test mode.

### Web Interface

This page displays the native web interface of the device. Note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.
