---
uid: Connector_help_Ericsson_Fabrix_VIDFX_Node
---

# Ericsson Fabrix VIDFX Node

This connector is automatically generated by parent connector [Ericsson Fabrix VIDFX](xref:Connector_help_Ericsson_Fabrix_VIDFX).

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version. | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | N/A                    |

## Configuration

### Initialization

No extra configuration is needed.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

### Web Interface

The web interface is only accessible when the client machine has network access to the product.

## How to use

The element created with this connector has several data pages. You can find more information about these below.

### General

This page displays the general information about a node. These are data regarding the CPU, Memory, Uptime, OS-Core Counter, and App Core Counter.

### Nodes

On this page, you can find the following tables:

- **Nodes Disks**: Displays data related to the disks of a node, including Capacity, Service Time, Throughputs, Average CPU Time, and Awaits.
- **Processes:** Displays the PID, Memory Usage, CPU Usage, Number of Threads, Number of Opened Files, and Sockets Opened for each process of a node.

### Nodes NICs

On this page, you can find the following tables:

- **Nodes NICs**: Displays the Link State, Bytes Sent, Bytes Received, Packets Sent, Packets Received, Errors In, Errors Out, Drop-In, Drop-Out, and Primary NIC.
- **Nodes NICs Pingable**: Shows whether a host is pingable or not.
- **Nodes NICs TCP**: Lists the Out Segments and Retransmitted Segments.
