---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7780ASI-B2-DS3
---

# Evertz 7700 General Platform - 7780ASI-B2-DS3

The **7780ASI-B2-DS3** card can transport up to 2 DVB-ASI signals, bi-directionally on a DS3/E3 circuit. Additional capability allows for a bidirectional 10/100 Ethernet connection which can be used for control and monitoring remote equipment.

## About

A **snmp** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. Also, there are different **alarming** and **trending** possibilities.

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Evertz 7700 General Platform.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previous implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information: **Card Type**, **Ethernet**, **Control Output Mode**, etc.

### ASI

This page contains the **Asi Control Table** and **MGMT Asi Control Table**.

### Errors

This page contains the **Interval Control Table** and **Erros Interval Table**.

### Alarms

This page contains alarms: **Signal Loss Alarm**, **Remote Indication Alarm**, **Asi Alarms Table**, etc.
