---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7891MG-10GE2
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7891MG-10GE2

This connector is used to monitor an Evertz 7891MG-GE2 card. The 7890MG card is a media gateway.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by the connector [Evertz 7x00 General Platform](xref:Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform).

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.2.x          | 1.5 Build 81                |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

The element using this connector is automatically exported from the **Evertz 7x00 General Platform** connector. The configuration of the element must be done in this parent connector.

The default name of the element is *7891MG.x*, where x is the slot where the card is attached.

## Usage

### General

This page displays the **Card Status, Frame Slot** and **Card Name.**

### System

This page displays card information, such as the **Card Type**, the **Firmware Version**, the **Serial number**, the **Temperature** and the **Status** of the board.

### Access Port

This page contains the following tables:

- **SFP Table**: Contains the parameters SFP Name, SFP Media Support and SFP Present.
- **Control Table**: Contains the parameters IP, net mask, Gateway, Source UDP and Mode IP.
- **Ethernet Rx Table**: Contains the parameters Data Rate, Good Frames, Fragmented Frames, Error Frames, Broadcast Frames, Multicast Frames, VLAN Tagged Frames and Pause Frames.
- **Ethernet Tx Table**: Contains the parameters Data Rate, Good Frames, Broadcast Frames, Multicast Frames, VLAN Tagged Frames and Pause Frames.

### Trunk Port

This page contains the following tables:

- **SFP Table**: Contains the parameters SFP Name, SFP Present, Rx Optical Power, Rx Power Threshold, Tx Wave Length, Ethernet Link Status and Ethernet Link Speed.
- **Control Table**: Contains the parameters IP, netmask, Gateway, Source UDP and Mode Select, Bandwidth High Threshold and Sever Error Threshold.
- **Ethernet Rx Table**: Contains the parameters Data Rate, Good Frames, Fragmented Frames, Error Frames, Broadcast Frames, Multicast Frames, VLAN Tagged Frames and Pause Frames.
- **Ethernet Tx Table**: Contains the parameters Data Rate, Good Frames, Broadcast Frames, Multicast Frames, VLAN Tagged Frames and Pause Frames.

### Access to Trunk

This page contains the following tables:

- **Stream Control Table**: Contains the parameters Tx Stream Enable, Tx Stream IP Trunk A-B, Tx Stream UDP Trunk A-B, Tx Stream Type, Tx Stream Rate Limit and Tx Stream Port Map.
- **NAT Control Table**: Contains the parameters Input IP, Input Mode, IGMP Enable, IGMPv3 and IGMPv3 Source 1-6.
- **Status Table**: Contains the parameters Tx Stream Present, Tx Stream Data Rate, IP Input Mode, IP Input RTP Type and IP Input Packet Size.

### Trunk to Access

This page contains the following tables:

- **Control Table**: Contains the parameters Rx Stream Enable, Rx Stream IP Trunk A-B, Rx Stream UDP Trunk A-B, Rx Stream Mode, Rx Stream Type, Rx Stream Rate Limit, Rx Stream Port Map and Protection Depth.
- **Control IGMP Table**: Contains the parameters Rx IGMP Enable Trunk A-B, Rx IGMPv3 Mode Trunk A-B and Rx IGMPv3 Source 1-6 Trunk A-B.
- **Control NAT Table**: Contains the parameters Output IP and Output UDP.
- **Status Table**: Contains the parameters Rx Stream Present Trunk A-B, Rx Stream Data Rate, Rx Stream Mode, Rx Stream Packet Size, Rx Stream Lost Packets, Rx Stream Protected Packets, Rx Stream Unprotected Packets and Stat Clear.

### Notification

This page contains the following tables, which each contain the parameters **Fault**, **Send Trap** and **Status**:

- **Access Port Fault Present Table**
- **Trunk Port Fault Present Table**
- **Video Decap Fault Present Table**
- **Video Encap Fault Present Table**
- **System Status Fault Present Table**
