---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7700_General_Platform_Driver_-_7881DEC2MP2HD
---

# Evertz 7700 General Platform Driver - 7881DEC2MP2HD

The **7881DEC2MP2HD** card is a professional high quality SD/HD MPEG2 decoder card. It offers high end SD and HD MPEG-2 decoding of encoded streams. It is perfect for monitoring applications or decoding for downstream baseband video and audio processing. It can reconstruct in the most flexible way all VANC & HANC data in the HD/SDI output and can be coupled with Evertz RF front end (7780DM2-LB DVB-S2 demodulator) and Evertz downstream video and audio processing equipment to create a complete versatile integrated receiver/decoder.

## About

A **snmp** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. Also, there are different **alarming** and **trending** possibilities.

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Evertz 7700 General Platform.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previous implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information: **Card Type**, **Video Present** and **Video Bitrate**.

### PID

This page contains the **Program Tuning Mode** aswell as 3 groups: **Auto**, **Manual** and **Table PID** each grouping everthing related to this group.

### Decoder

This page contains information about the decoder: **Number of Video Streams**, **Video Locking**, **Number of Audio Streams**, etc.

### Genlock

This page contains the **Genlock Status** and all the **Horizontal/Vertical Phase Parameters**.

### Audio De-Embedder

This page contains the **SDI Output Audio Control Table**.

### Output

This page contains everthing about the output. **Output Video Mode**, **Levels**, etc.

### Alarms

This page contains the alarms: **Video Present**, **AudioXServiceMissing**, etc.
