---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7746FSEAES8HD
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7746FSEAES8HD

The 7746FS-EAES8-HD HD frame synchronizer is designed to re-time an SMPTE 292M (1080i/60, 1080i/59.94, 1080i/50, 1080p/24sF, 1080p/23.98sF, 720p/60, 720p/59.94, 720p/50, 1035i/59.94, 1035i/60, or 480p/59.94) or SMPTE 259M (625i/50, 525i/59.94 ) input to a local reference tri-level or composite sync signal. When necessary, frames are repeated or dropped to maintain synchronization. During the synchronizing process, the video delay varies from 3 lines through to 1 frame plus 3 lines. Additional delay can be added to the synchronizing process in 1-frame increments.

## About

An **SNMP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information of the device.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Evertz 7x00 General Platform** connector**.**

### Product Info

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

The element created with this connector consists of the following data pages:

- **General**: Displays general information such as **Status**, **Frame Slot** and **Card Type**.
- **Video Control**: Displays information about **Input Video** and **Operating Video STD**, **Vertical Phase**, **Black Level Adjust**, **Hue Control**, etc.
- **Audio Control**: Displays information about **Coarse Audio Delay**, **Fine Audio Delay**, **Cbit Control**, **Audio Delay Control Mode**, etc.
- **Dolby Control**: Contains the **Dolby Meta Program Control Table**. You can modify the **Dialnorm Adjust** here.
- **Dolby Monitor**: Contains information about **Program Count**, **Configuration** and **Frame Rate**. Also contains the **Dolby Metadata Program Monitor Table**, where you can monitor parameters such as Bitstream Mode, LFE Channel, Mix Room Type, LT/RT, etc.
- **Headphone Control**: Contains information about **Headphone Source** and **Volume**.
- **Metadata Control**: Contains information about **De Embed Line**, **DID**, **SID**, **Monitor Source Select**, etc.
- **Metadata Authoring**: Contains information about the **Program Config**. Also contains the **Metadata Authoring Program Control Table**, which allows you to change the Bitstream Mode, Center Mix Level, Surround, etc.
- **Pair Delay Control**: Contains the **Pair Delay Control Table**, which allows you to change the pair delay.
- **Auto Preset Load Control**: Contains information about preset 1 and 2, and about the **Detected Preset State**.
- **ADF Control**: Contains information about **Embed Mode**, **Embed Line**, **Code**, **Aspect Ratio**, etc.
- **Miscellaneous Control**: Contains information about **Factory VCR**, **ACR**, **VPR** and **APR Status**, etc.
