---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7880IRD-H264
---

# Evertz 7700 General Platform Driver - 7880IRD-H264

The **7780IRD-H264-HD-LB** is a hardware-based solution for demodulating digital DVB-S/S2 satellite signals and decoding these signals to SD or HD-SDI.

## About

A **snmp** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. Also, there are different **alarming** and **trending** possibilities.

This driver is automatically generated by driver **Evertz 7700 General Platform Driver.**

### Supported firmware versions

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific driver version. Every driver version, within the same range, also supports the previous implemented revisions.

| **Driver Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.17           | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This driver is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information: **Card Type**, **Video Input ASI Status**, **Video Bitrate,** etc.

### Inputs

This page contains the **Tree Root**.

### PID

This page contains PID information: **Program Tuning Mode**, **Program PID**, etc.

### Decoder

This page contains information about the decoder: **Number of Video Streams**, **Video Resolution**, etc.

### Genlock

This page contains genlock information: **Genlock Status**, **Hphase 1080I**, etc.

### Audio De-Embedder

This page contains the **Sdi Ouput Audio Control Table**.

### Output

This page contains all of the output information: **Video Mode**, **Video Color**, etc.

### Alarms

This page contains all the alarming information: **Video Present**, **Audio1ServiceMissing**, etc.
