---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7707IFTA
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7707IFTA

This connector is used to monitor and control the Evertz 7707IFTA card (which belongs to the LT card family). The 7707IFTA is a VistaLink Pro capable fiber-optic transmitter for 70/140 MHz IF signals. The 7707IFTA accepts one 70/140 MHz coaxial input and provides a fiber-optic output signal at 1310 nm, 1550 nm, CWDM, or DWDM wavelengths. An additional electrical output is also provided for monitoring or further signal distribution. Monitoring and control of card status and parameters is provided locally at the card edge and remotely via VistaLink Pro.

An SNMP connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information of the device. There are also different possibilities available for alarm monitoring and trending.
This connector is automatically generated by the parent connector [Evertz 7x00 General Platform](xref:Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform).

## About

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.1.13  | \-                     |

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element [Evertz 7x00 General Platform](xref:Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform). No user input is required.

## How to use

The DVE consists of the following data pages:

- **General**: Contains general laser, RF input, and LNB information.
- **LT Control**: Contains LT-specific information such as the gain and thresholds.
- **Squelch**: Contains the Squelch-specific information.
- **Alarms**: Contains a table displaying a list of all card-related faults.
