---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_Group_2_-_7881DEC2MP2HD
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform Group 2 - 7881DEC2MP2HD

The 7881DEC2MP2HD card is a high-quality SD/HD MPEG2 decoder card. It is typically used for monitoring applications or decoding for downstream baseband video and audio processing. It can reconstruct all VANC and HANC data in the HD/SDI output and can be coupled with an Evertz RF front end (7780DM2-LB DVB-S2 demodulator) and Evertz downstream video and audio processing equipment to create a complete versatile integrated receiver/decoder.

An **SNMP** connection is used to retrieve and configure the information of the card. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the parent connector [Evertz 7x00 General Platform Group 2](xref:Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_Group_2).

## About

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | \-                     |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     |

## Configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information: **Card Type**, **Video Present** and **Video Bitrate**.

### PID

This page displays the **Program Tuning Mode** as well as **Auto**, **Manual** and **Table PID** parameters.

### Decoder

This page contains information about the decoder: **Number of Video Streams**, **Video Locking**, **Number of Audio Streams**, etc.

### Genlock

This page contains the **Genlock Status** and all the **horizontal/vertical phase parameters**.

### Audio De-Embedder

This page contains the **SDI Output Audio Control Table**.

### Output

This page contains parameters related to the output: **Output Video Mode**, **Levels**, etc.

### Alarms

This page contains information about the alarms: **Video Present**, **Audio X Service Missing**, etc.

### Decode Alarms

This page contains **SDI Output, TS Output, Audio, Genlock,** and **ASI Alarms**.
