---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform__-_7880IPASIIP
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7880IPASIIP

The 7880IP-ASI-IP is a complete hardware-based solution to transform ASI to IP, and IP to ASI. The 7880IP-ASI-IP can also regenerate IP from IP input with different settings and add FEC.

## About

An **SNMP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Evertz 7x00 General Platform.**

### Product Info

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information: **Card Name**, **Board Status**, and **Trap Destinations**.

### Ethernet

This page contains information about Ethernet 1 & 2: **Address**, **Mask**, **Gateway**, **Rx & Tx Bit Rate**, etc.

### Input Serial

This page contains information about the serial input: **Enable**, **ASI Status**, **Bit Rate**, etc.

### Output Serial

This page contains information about the serial output: **Enable**, **ASI Status**, **Bit Rate**, etc.

### Input Stream

This page contains information about the input stream 1 & 2: **Active**, **Stream Type**, **Local IP Address**, **Buffer Delay**, etc.

### Output Stream

This page contains information about the output stream 1 & 2: **Active**, **Source IP Address**, **Destination IP Address**, etc.
