---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7880IPG-ASI8-IP10GE2
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7880IPG-ASI8-IP10GE2

This connector is used to monitor and control the Evertz 7880IPG-ASI-IP10GE2 card. The Evertz 7880IPG-ASI-IP10GE2 is a media gateway SDI interface with access points for next-generation hybrid baseband/IP broadcast infrastructures.

**IMPORTANT NOTE**: *Two versions of this connector are registered, an SNMP version and an HTTP version. The SNMP version was never completed as the client abandoned this connector effort before it was finished. While most of the code has been written, it has not yet been reviewed in any way. As such, thorough testing with a 7880IPG-ASI-IP10GE2 encoder card is required before the SNMP version of this connector can be implemented.*

## About

An **SNMP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information of the device. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Evertz 7x00 General Platform**.

### Product Info

| **Connector Version** | **Device Firmware Version** |
|--------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.1.11           | Unknown                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information about the card status in the frame controller. This includes **Status**, **Frame** **Slot**, **Name** and **Display** information.

### System

This page contains all **system controls** and tables. It displays the **Data Port Configuration Table**, **Data Port Monitor Table** and the **Time Reference Table 2**.

It also allows you to trigger the **Load Factory** **Settings**, **Reboot** and **Sync Now** system functions.

### Configuration

This page contains all **Configuration** **Tables** related to the 7880IPG-ASI8-IP10GE2 card, including the **Input Status**, **VLAN Tagging** and **IPG configuration tables** 1 to 3.

### Product Features

This page displays the product **Serial Number** and the **MAC Address**.

### System Faults

At the top of this page, you can find the standalone fault for **Temperature Overheat**. The page also contains three other fault tables, i.e. the **Frame Faults** **Table**, **Over BW Faults Table** and **Trap Faults Table**. All controls are the same in that you can **enable** or **disable** a particular trap with the **Send Trap** control for any of the faults. If a fault is present on a certain parameter, it is displayed in the **Fault present** column.
