---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7881IRDA
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform -7881IRDA

This connector allows you to manage the Evertz 7882IRDA card. This card is an integrated receiver decoder platform for receiving, demodulating, and decoding digital DVB-S/S2/S2X satellite signals.

An SNMP connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information of the device. There are also different possibilities available for alarm monitoring and trending.

This connector is automatically generated by the parent connector [Evertz 7x00 General Platform](https://catalog.dataminer.services/?q=Evertz%207x00%20General%20Platform).

## About

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.5.17  | \-                     |

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element [Evertz 7x00 General Platform](https://catalog.dataminer.services/?q=Evertz%207x00%20General%20Platform). No user input is required.

## How to Use

The DVE consists of the following data pages:

- **Input**: Displays the Source, RF Tune, IP Input Control, and FEC Control parameters.
- **Status**: Displays the status and alarms of the RF Input, Input TS Monitor, and Video Monitor.
- **Audio**: Contains the Audio Decode, Audio Mapping, Audio Decode, and Audio Monitor parameters.
- **Output Decode**: Contains the Video Decode, Manual PID Control, and MPE Data PID parameters.
- **Output Descramble**: Contains the IP Output Control, TS Output Control, Service Control, SDL Data Output Control, and BISS parameters.
