---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7700_General_Platform_Driver_-_7814UDX-2-HD
---

# Evertz 7700 General Platform Driver - 7814UDX-2-HD

The **7814UDX-2-HD** card is a dual path broadcast quality up/down/cross converter that converts between common SD/SMPTE 259M and HD/SMPTE 292M video signals. "-3G" versions add support for common 3G/SMPTE 424M video signals.

## About

A **snmp** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. Also, there are different **alarming** and **trending** possibilities.

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Evertz 7700 General Platform.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previous implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains the **System Time** and **Date**.

### Video In

This page contains tables with data about the video input: **AFD Input Video Path V1 Table**, **Cc In Vid Path V1 Table**, etc.

### Video Out

This page contains tables with data about the video output: **AFD Output Video Path V1 Table**, **AFD ARC Output Video Path V1 Table**, etc.

### Video Processing

This page contains the **Video Processing Table** and the **Deinterlacer Table**.

### Audio In

This page contains the tables for the audio input: **Audio Input Video Path V1 Table** & **Audio Input Correct Input Video Path Audio Input Channel V1 Table**.

### Audio Out

This page contains the tables for the audio output: **Audio Output Video Path V1 Table** & **Audio Output Video Path Audio Group V1 Table**.

### Audio Processing

This page contains the **Audio Processing Output Video Path Mixer Channel Mixer Input V1 Table**.

### Audio Down Mix

This page contains the audio down mix output tables: **Audio Down Mix Output Video Path V1 Table**, etc.

### Audio Up Mix

This page contains the audio up mix output tables: **Audio Up Mix Output Video Path V1 Table**, etc.

### Analog

This page contains the analog video in/out tables: **Analog Video In In Vid Path V3 Table**, etc.

### Encoding

This page contains parameters with information about the video encoder: **Video Encoder IP Address**, **Video Encoder Out Video Path V10 Table**, etc.

### Fiber

This page contains tables about the fiber connection: **Fiber Rx V7 Table**, etc.

### Gain

This page contains the **Intelli Gain Tables**.

### Logo

This page contains the **Logo Index V14 Table**.
