---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7880DM4-ISDBT-IP_-_Decoder
---

# Evertz 7880DM4-ISDBT-IP - Decoder

This connector can be used to monitor the state and configure a single demodulator.

The Evertz 7880DM4-ISDBT-IP - Decoder connector uses **SNMP** to retrieve data from the device.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features**                            | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[Obsolete\] | Initial version.                            | \-           | \-                |
| 1.0.1.x              | Changed the DVE and tree view distribution. | \-           | \-                |
| 1.0.2.x \[SLC Main\] | Added HTTP connection.                      | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 1.1.60                 |
| 1.0.1.x   | 1.1.60                 |
| 1.0.2.x   | 1.1.60                 |

## Configuration

The elements using this connector are automatically generated by the parent element [Evertz 7880DM4-ISDBT-IP](xref:Connector_help_Evertz_7880DM4-ISDBT-IP).

## Usage

In the sections below, you can find more information on the different data pages of the element and how you can use these.

### General

This page contains general information about the device such as the **Alias**, **Card Type**, **Serial Number**, etc.

### Input

This page contains information about the demodulators, such as the **Bandwidth**, **Frequency** and **Lock Status**.

### Input Control Table

This page contains information about the input control of the device, such as the **Stream Status**, **Multicast IP**, and **UDP Port**.

### TS Path

This page displays the **Transport** **Stream** **Input table**, where you can configure parameters such as the **Main** and **Backup** **Source** of the demodulators.

### Output

This page displays the **TS Output table**, which displays information such as the **Bitrate**, **PID Count** and **Errors** of the demodulators**.**

The **IP Output Stream Table** is also available in this page, which allows you to enable/disable each stream, as well as to configure the **Destination IP**, **Destination UDP** and the **TTL**.

### Output Service

This page contains the **Service Filter Control table**, **Service Filter Program** table and **Service filter PID** table.

### Output Tree

From version **1.0.1.2** onwards, this page contains a tree view that allows you to efficiently navigate through the information from the previous two pages. Each node has a user-friendly description.

### Transport Stream Tree

From range **1.0.3.x** onwards, this page displays a tree view of the available transport streams, services and PIDs.
