---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7780DMIPLB
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7780DMIPLB

The **7780DM-LB** series is a hardware-based solution for demodulating digital DVB-S/S2 satellite signals. The 7780DM-LB series provides ASI output and an optional IP output. Supported types: 7780DM2-IP-LB, 7780DM2-IP-LB2, 7780DM-IP-LB2, 7780DM4-IP-LB, 7780DM2-IP-CA, 7780DM4-IP-CA.

## About

A **snmp** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. Also, there are different **alarming** and **trending** possibilities.

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Evertz 7x00 General Platform.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previous implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains the **Card Type**.

### Ethernet

This page contains the **Ethernet Port Control Table** containing all the information about the ethernet connection.

### Asi

This page contains the **Asi Indexed Controls Table** & **Asi Port Control Table**.

### Output

This page contains the information about the output, this is the **Channel Indexed Table** and the **Output Stream Control Table**.

### Alarms

This page contains all the **alarming information** and **traps** for all the inputs.
