---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7880IPASIIP
---

# Evertz 7880IPASIIP

The 7880IP-ASI-IP is a complete hardware-based solution to transform ASI to IP, and IP to ASI. The 7880IP-ASI-IP can also regenerate IP from IP input with different settings and add FEC.

## About

A **snmp** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. Also, there are different **alarming** and **trending** possibilities.

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Evertz 7700 General Platform.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previous implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.17           | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information: **Card Name**, **Board Status**, and **Trap Destinations**.

### Ethernet

This page contains information about Ethernet 1 & 2: **Address**, **Mask**, **Gateway**, **Rx & Tx Bit Rate**, etc.

### Input Serial

This page contains information about the serial input: **Enable**, **ASI Status**, **Bit Rate**, etc.

### Output Serial

This page contains information about the serial output: **Enable**, **ASI Status**, **Bit Rate**, etc.

### Input Stream

This page contains information about the input stream 1 & 2: **Active**, **Stream Type**, **Local IP Address**, **Buffer Delay**, etc.

### Output Stream

This page contains information about the output stream 1 & 2: **Active**, **Source IP Address**, **Destination IP Address**, etc.
