---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_Group_2_-_7700ACO2HD
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform Group 2 - 7700ACO2HD

The Evertz 7700ACO2HD card is a smart automatic changeover (ACO) for high-definition 1.5 Gb/s or standard-definition 270 Mb/s serial digital video signals. It provides dual processing paths on a single module, smart HD/SD-SDI automatic protection switching of both paths, video and audio proc amp control, and more.

An **SNMP** connection is used to retrieve and configure the information of the card. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the parent connector [Evertz 7x00 General Platform Group 2](xref:Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_Group_2).

## About

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | \-                     |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     |

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains the Detected Gen Standard, FPGA Build Number, etc. There is also a **Reset** button available.

### Video

This page contains information about the video, including the Input Standards, Video Control Table and Video Processing Table.

**Important note**: The Video Control Table's **"Video Switch Mode" and "Program Output"** columns are modeled to **match the behavior of the actual device**. This means that when Video Switch Mode is set to **"Auto Switch" or "Auto Switch Back"**, you can **change the Program Output from "Input 2" to "Input 1"**, but not the other way around.

### Audio

This page contains the Audio Control Table and the Audio Embedder Control Table.

### IntelliAnalyzer

This page contains the Intelli Gain Config Table, Intelli Analyzer Channel Config Table, and Intelli Analyzer Config Table.

### Alarms

This page contains information regarding alarms in the Misc Fault Table and IntelliAnalyzer Alarms Table.
