---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7700_General_Platform_Driver_-_7700R2X2-HD
---

# Evertz 7700 General Platform Driver - 7700R2X2-HD

The **7700R2X2-HD** module has two SD/HD compatible input signals (program and backup) that support different input video formats. This module also provides three reclocked primary outputs, and one reclocked backup output. Supported types: 7700R2x2-HD.

## About

A **snmp** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. Also, there are different **alarming** and **trending** possibilities.

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Evertz 7700 General Platform.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previous implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.17           | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information: **Card Type**, **Configuration Mode**, **Switch Mode**, etc.

### Inputs

This page contains all the input information for both inputs: **Signal Presence**, **Total Bitrate**, etc.

### Input 1 Alarms

This page contains information about input 1 alarming: **Video Invalid**, **Lost Signal**, etc. Alarm configuration can be done through the **Alarm Config** page by clicking the page button. **Input 1 Audio**, **Input** **1 Video**, and **Input 1** **TS** trap tables are found on appropriate pages by clicking their corresponding page buttons. Here traps can be sent.

### Input 2 Alarms

This page contains information about input 2 alarming: **Video Invalid**, **Lost Signal**, etc. Alarm configuration can be done through the **Alarm Config** page by clicking the page button. **Input 2 Audio**, **Input 2** **Video**, and **Input 2** **TS** trap tables are found on appropriate pages by clicking their corresponding page buttons. Here traps can be sent.

### De-Embedder

This page contains information about the **Input 1 & 2 Audio Groups**.
