---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7847FS-EAES8-3G
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7847FS-EAES8-3G

This connector is used to monitor and control the Evertz 7847FS-EAES8-3G card, which is a 3G/HD/SD-SDI Frame synchronizer with embedded audio processing and 8 AES support.
About

An **SNMP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Evertz 7x00 General Platform.**

### Product Info

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.1.8            | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information, such as the **Local Remote Jumper** and **Password** configuration.

### Video

This page allows you to monitor and control main **Video** settings.

### Video Proc

This page contains controls for **Video Proc**.

### Audio

This page contains the **Audio Control**, **Audio in Correct Control** and **Audio Monitor** parameters and tables.

### IntelliGain

This page contains contains configure paramters for several IntelliGain controls. This includes the IntelliGain Main **Configuration**, **Source Control** and **Channel Control**.

### IntelliGain Control

This page includes two control tables, **Program Control** and **Threshold Control**.

### IntelliGain Monitor

This page contains the **IntelliGain Monitor Table**.

### IntelliGain Traps

On the **IntelliGain Traps** page, a table with the **Fault Name**, **Send Trap control** and **Fault Present** indication are shown. This allows the user to enable or disable traps for a given Fault. By setting Send Trap to True, traps will then be enabled for the given fault name and if the fault is present, it will be shown as true under the Fault Present column.

### AV Traps

On the **AV Traps** page, a table with the **Fault Name**, **Send Trap control** and **Fault Present** indication are shown. This allows the user to enable or disable traps for a given Fault. By setting Send Trap to True, traps will then be enabled for the given fault name and if the fault is present, it will be shown as true under the Fault Present column.


