---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7812UDXD
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7812UDXD

This connector is used to monitor and control the Evertz 7812UDXD card. The Evertz 7812UDXD is used as a broadcast-quality up-/down-/cross-converter that converts between common SD/SMPTE ST 259 and HD/SMPTE ST 292-1 video signals. 3G versions add support for common 3G/SMPTE ST 424 video signals. These modules support frame synchronization and external genlock inputs (card frame reference) for video timing adjustments.

An SNMP connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information of the device. There are also different possibilities available for alarm monitoring and trending.

This connector is automatically generated by the parent connector [Evertz 7x00 General Platform](xref:Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform).

## About

### Product Info

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.1.12           | Unknown             |

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element [Evertz 7x00 General Platform](xref:Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform). No user input is required.

## How to use

The DVE consists of the following data pages:

- **Audio**: Contains general audio control and audio monitor information, as well as a table with slot module information.
- **Audio Input**: Contains a table with the channel types and their input source.
- **IP**: Contains an IP control panel. IP, Subnet Mask and Default Gateway are all displayed in this panel and can also be edited.
- **CC Control**: Contains a closed captioning control panel and a table with output closed captioning information.
- **Video Control**: Contains a video control panel and a table with output video control information.
- **Video Monitor**: Contains a video monitor panel and a table with output video monitor information.
- **Video Proc**: Contains a video processing control table that allows you to set video properties.
