---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7760ND-HD
---

# Evertz 7760ND-HD

Evertz's Nielsen Universal Reader module provides a solution for monitoring the presence of Nielsen codes from the broadcast path. The 7760ND-HD monitors both the video AMOL1/AMOL2 data as well as the audio NAES data and Watermark data. The 7760ND-HD accepts a base band video input transported on SD-SDI or HD-SDI with support for embedded audio.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### SNMP Main Connection

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
- **IP port**: The IP port of the destination.

SNMP Settings:

- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device (default: *public*).
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device (default: *private*).

### Initialization

No extra configuration is needed.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

### Web Interface

The web interface is only accessible when the client machine has network access to the product.

## How to Use

On the **Control** page of the element, you can modify various parameters to configure Video, Audio, NTP, and VIPA.

The **NAES** page contains a Code Loss Duration table that allows you to control the duration value of different NAES code types.

The **Fault Definitions** page allows you to set threshold values for device faults.

On the **Notify** page and its subpages, you can view the state of device alarms and configure whether or not each alarm should send a corresponding trap message.

The **Traps** page contains a trap logging table where you can view trap messages generated by the device. You can also define the maximum number of traps to be kept in the table, the maximum duration that these traps can remain in the table, and the amount of time after which, if no trap has been received, the status will be changed to "Timeout".
