---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7812DCDA2Q
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7812DCDA2Q

The **7812DCDA2Q** card is a high density, dual path down-converter with integrated distribution amplifiers. -HD versions convert common HD/SMPTE ST 292 video signals to common SD/SMPTE ST 259 video signals. -3G versions support 3G/SMPTE ST 424 inputs. Each processing path simultaneously provides re-clocked copies of program inputs and SD program outputs. These modules support frame synchronization and external genlock inputs (card or frame reference) for video timing adjustments.

## About

A **snmp** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. Also, there are different **alarming** and **trending** possibilities.

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Evertz 7x00 General Platform.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previous implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information: **Card Type**, **Genlock 6Hz** and **Genlock Source**.

### Video

This page contains everything to do with video: **Video Monitor Table**, **Video Control Table**, **AFD**, **Scaler**, etc.

### Audio

This page contains the **Audio Control Table** and the **Audio Process Control Table**.

### Alarms

This page contains the **Misc Fault Table** and the **MGMT Fault Table**.
