---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7781DEC2MP2HD
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7781DEC2MP2HD

The **Evertz 7781DEC2MP2HD** card is a professional high quality SD/HD MPEG2 decoder card. It offers high end SD and HD MPEG-2 decoding of encoded streams. It is perfect for monitoring applications or decoding for downstream baseband video and audio processing.

## About

A **snmp** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. Also, there are different **alarming** and **trending** possibilities.

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Evertz 7x00 General Platform.**

This card has two inputs what means that almost all SNMP tables have two rows (one for each input).

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previous implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information: **Card Type**, **Card Status** and **Product Features**.

### Decoder Control

This page contains configurations about the decoder: **Input, Output, SDI Audio Output** and **Genlock**.

### ASI Input Monitor

This page contains the monitoring functions for ASI Input like **Input Monitor, Program Monitor, Video** and **Audio PID Monitor**.

### Decoder Program Monitor

This page contains the monitoring functions for Decoders like **Decoder Program Monitor, Audio** and **Video Program Monitors**

### Genlock

This page contains the **Genlock Presence, Source** and **Standard**.

### Alarms

This page contains the alarms: **SDI, ASI, Audio** and **Genlock**
