---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7712UCHD
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7712UCHD

The **7712UCHD** (7712UDX-AES8-HD) card is a Broadcast Quality Up/Down/Cross Converter that converts between common SD/SMPTE ST 259 and HD/SMPTE ST 292-1 video signals. With its dual scaler and dual output architecture, the 7712UDXD series simultaneously generates two different HD/SD outputs with independent phasing. -3G versions add support for common 3G/SMPTE ST 424 video signals.

## About

A **snmp** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. Also, there are different **alarming** and **trending** possibilities.

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Evertz 7x00 General Platform.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previous implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### Video General

This page contains general information about the video part. It contains 4 blocks, **Video Control**, **Video Monitor**, **Thumbnail Control** & **Deinterlacer Monitor**.

### Audio General

This page contains general information about the audio part. It contains **Audio Control**, **Audio Monitor**, ... parameters and tables.

### Audio AC3

This page contains all the table about Dolby AC3: **Dialnorm Adjust**, **Encoding**, etc.

### Audio Dolby

This page contains information about the **Metadata Control**, **Decoder**, **Encoder**, etc.

### Audio Intelligain

This page contains information about the Intelli Gain: **Program Control**, **Channel Control**, etc.

### Audio ANC

This page contains 2 tables: **ANC Pass Control Table** & **VANC Bypass Line Control Table.**
