---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7880DM4-LB-IP
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7880DM4-LB-IP

This connector is used to monitor and control the Evertz 7880DM4-LB-IP card. The Evertz 7880DM4-LB-IP is used to demodulate digital terrestrial ATSC/8VSB/ ISDB-Tb, QAM/ DVBC/ DVB-C2 cable signals, DTV signals or digital DVB-S/S2 satellite signals.

## About

An **SNMP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information of the device. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Evertz 7x00 General Platform.**

### Product Info

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.1.10           | Unknown             |
| 1.0.2.1            | 2.0.109             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information about the status of the cards in the frame controller, including **Status**, **Frame** **Slot**, **Name** and **Display** information.

### System

The information on this page is divided over several sections. This includes the **System** parameters, **Data Port** parameters, **System Preset Table**, **Serial Number**, **Product License** string and **System Product Feature Table**.

### Input

This page contains the **Control Demod Tables** **1** and **2**, which allow you to manage and control the Demod parameters.

### IP Input Control

This page provides access to the **IP input Controls**. It allows you to enable or disable the **Stream** and set the **Receive Mode**, **MultiCast** **IP**, **UDP Port**, **RTP Protocol**, **IGMP enable**, **Status Clear** and **IGMPV3 Mode**.

**IGMPV3 SSM Source IPs** **1** through **6** can also be found on this page.

### TS Input

This page contains the **ASI Control Table** as well as **TS Input Table 1 and 2**. These tables contain all TS input controls.

### Output

This page contains four tables that are linked together. The first is the **Output Stream Table**, which provides the controls for each specific output. Each **output** has a corresponding **stream**, for which all related controls can be found in the table. This same functionality can be found in the other three tables: the **Service Filter Ctrl Table**, **Service Filter Program Table** and **Service Filter PID Table**.

### Traps

This page contains the **Demod Fault Table**. This table provides the controls to **enable** **or** **disable** **Demod traps** for a given **RF** input. If a trap is present, the fault will be displayed as present in the Fault table.
