---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7700_General_Platform_Driver_-_7700ACO2HD
---

# Evertz 7700 General Platform Driver - 7700ACO2HD

The **Evertz 7700ACO2HD** card is a smart automatic changeover (ACO) for high definition 1.5Gb/s or standard definition 270Mb/s serial digital video signals.

This device provides:

- Dual processing paths on a single module
- Smart HD/SD-SDI automatic protection switching of both paths
- Video and Audio Proc Amp Control
- Built in Trouble Slide per ACO
- Optional IntelliGainr Audio Loudness Processing with Dynamic Audio Range Control

## About

A **snmp** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. Also, there are different **alarming** and **trending** possibilities.

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Evertz 7700 General Platform.**

### Product Info

The table below indicates which device revision is available since a specific connector version. Every connector version, within the same range, also supports the previous implemented revisions.

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains the **Detected Gen Standard**, **Fpga Build Number**, A **Reset** Button, etc.

### Video

This page contains information about the video: **Input Standards**, **Video Control Table** and **Video Processing Table**, etc.

### Audio

This page contains the **Audio Control Table** and the **Audio Embedder Control Table**.

### IntelliAnalyzer

This page contains **Intelli Gain Config Table**, **Intelli Analyzer Channel Config Table** and the **Intelli Analyzer Config Table**.

### Alarms

This page contains alarms: **Misc Fault Table** and the **IntelliAnalyzer Alarms Table**.
