---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7882DECH264
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7882DECH264

The Evertz 7882DECH264 is a professional high-quality 3G/HD/SD-SDI H.264/MPEG-2 decoder platform. It offers high-end decoding support for both MPEG-2 and H.264/AVC, optionally up to 4:2:2 10-bit.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by the connector [Evertz 7x00 General Platform](xref:Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform). It allows **SNMP traps** to update alarm tables.

### Product Info

| **Connector Version** | **Device Revision** |
|--------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.1.1            | Unknown             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information: **Card Type**, **Card Status** and **Data Port** control.

### Product Features

This page contains information about supported **Features** and the **License** itself.

### Input Control

This page contains controls for the input module, such as **Input Source**, **Input Program Control**, **PID Control** and **Audio Control**.

### Decoder Monitor

This page contains parameters that can be used to monitor the input, such as **Input Status** and **Input Bitrate**, and to monitor Demux Video, such as **PMT PID**, **PCR PID**, **Video PID**, **Video Bitrate** and **Video Frame Rate**.

**Audio Alarms** and **Video Alarms** are also available on this page.

### Decoder Audio Monitor

This page contains information that can be used to monitor the audio decoder: **Sampling Rate, Number of Channels, Audio Type** and **Audio Bitrate**.

### Video Proc Control

This page contains controls for the Video Proc module, such as **Hue**, **Gain** and **Offsets**.

### Output Control

This page contains controls for the output module: **Audio Source, BNC 3/4 Output** and **Channel Destination Source Select.**

### ANC Data Control

This page contains controls for the ANC Data module: **CC, AFD, SCTE, OP47, WSS** and **Timecode** controls.

### ANC Monitor

This page contains parameters that can be used to monitor ANC, such as **CC Type**. It also displays **WST, WSS, OP47, VBI, AFD** and **Timecode**.

### Descrambler

This page contains controls for the descrambler: **Descrambling Mode** and **BISS** controls.

### Event Logs

This page contains the **Event Logs** stored on the device.

### SFP Transmit

This page contains controls for the SFP modules: **SFP Transmit Output, PID Filter** and **Packet Bitrate.**

### Inband

This page contains controls for inband: **InBand Image, Time Source Select** and **Upgrade** information.

### FEC

This page contains information regarding FEC data: **FEC Mode** and **Packets Counting.**

### Genlock Control

This page contains controls for genlock, such as **Genlock Source Select**, as well as the **Horizontal/Vertical Phase** parameters.

### AVM Control

This page contains controls for AVM: **Black Duration, Audio Over, Audio Silence** and **Video Error** level and duration.

### Downconversion

This page contains controls for downconversion.

### Trap Configuration

This page contains controls for the configuration of traps.
