---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7890MG
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7890MG

This connector is used to monitor an Evertz 7890MG card. The 7890MG card is a Media Gateway.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by the connector [Evertz 7x00 General Platform](xref:Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform). It allows **SNMP traps** to update alarm tables.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.1.x          | Unknown                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

The element using this connector is automatically exported from the **Evertz 7x00 General Platform** connector. The configuration of the element must be done in this parent connector.

The default name of the element is *7890MG.x*, where x is the slot where the card is attached.

## Usage

### General

This page mainly displays **Card** information, such as the Card Type, Firmware Version, Up Time and Temperature. For users with security level 1, it is possible to do a **Card Reset**.

### Input

This page displays the input tables for **monitoring**, **controlling** and **alarms**.

### Output

This page displays the output tables for **monitoring**, **controlling** and **alarms**.

### Trunk Port

This page displays the **Ethernet Trunk** tables for **monitoring**, **controlling** and **alarms**.

### IP Stream

This page displays the IP stream tables for **Input Streams** and **Output Streams**.

### SFP Monitor

This page displays the SFP monitor tables for the monitoring of all ports and trunks, and the **SFP Alarms**.

### Trap Configuration

This page allows you to set which traps can be generated by the frame controller for the current card. For each alarm, the **Send Trap** parameter allows you to enable/disable traps for that fault.

## Alarm Tables and Traps

Table cell values for input alarms, output alarms, Ethernet alarms and SFP alarms are refreshed by polling, but they are also refreshed whenever a trap is received.

A trap can be directly logged into the database if the **Log Traps** column is enabled in the **Input Cards** table. For the 7890MG, all trap fields will be filled in, along with the description and severity fields.
