---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7891MG_-_Card
---

# Evertz 7891MG - Card

This connector is used to monitor an **Evertz 7891MG** card. The **7890MG** card is a media gateway.

## About

An **SNMP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information of the device. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Evertz 7891MG**.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | 1.5 Build 81                |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

The element using this connector is automatically exported from the **Evertz** **7891MG** connector. The configuration of the element must be done in this parent connector.

The default name of the element is *7890MG2.x*, where x is the slot where the card is attached.

## Usage

### General

This page displays the **Card Status, Frame Slot** and **Card Name.**

### System

This page displays card information, such as the **Card Type**, the **Firmware Version**, the **Serial number**, the **Temperature** and the **Status** of the board.

### Access Port

This page contains the following tables:

- **SFP Table**: Contains the parameters SFP Name, SFP Media Support and SFP Present.
- **Control Table**: Contains the parameters IP, net mask, Gateway, Source UDP and Mode IP.
- **Ethernet Rx Table**: Contains the parameters Data Rate, Good Frames, Fragmented Frames, Error Frames, Broadcast Frames, Multicast Frames, VLAN Tagged Frames and Pause Frames.
- **Ethernet Tx Table**: Contains the parameters Data Rate, Good Frames, Broadcast Frames, Multicast Frames, VLAN Tagged Frames and Pause Frames.

### Trunk Port

This page contains the following tables:

- **SFP Table**: Contains the parameters SFP Name, SFP Present, Rx Optical Power, Rx Power Threshold, Tx Wave Length, Ethernet Link Status and Ethernet Link Speed.
- **Control Table**: Contains the parameters IP, netmask, Gateway, Source UDP and Mode Select, Bandwidth High Threshold and Sever Error Threshold.
- **Ethernet Rx Table**: Contains the parameters Data Rate, Good Frames, Fragmented Frames, Error Frames, Broadcast Frames, Multicast Frames, VLAN Tagged Frames and Pause Frames.
- **Ethernet Tx Table**: Contains the parameters Data Rate, Good Frames, Broadcast Frames, Multicast Frames, VLAN Tagged Frames and Pause Frames.

### Access to Trunk

This page contains the following tables:

- **Stream Control Table**: Contains the parameters Tx Stream Enable, Tx Stream IP Trunk A-B, Tx Stream UDP Trunk A-B, Tx Stream Type, Tx Stream Rate Limit and Tx Stream Port Map.
- **NAT Control Table**: Contains the parameters Input IP, Input Mode, IGMP Enable, IGMPv3 and IGMPv3 Source 1-6.
- **Status Table**: Contains the parameters Tx Stream Present, Tx Stream Data Rate, IP Input Mode, IP Input RTP Type and IP Input Packet Size.

### Trunk to Access

This page contains the following tables:

- **Control Table**: Contains the parameters Rx Stream Enable, Rx Stream IP Trunk A-B, Rx Stream UDP Trunk A-B, Rx Stream Mode, Rx Stream Type, Rx Stream Rate Limit, Rx Stream Port Map and Protection Depth.
- **Control IGMP Table**: Contains the parameters Rx IGMP Enable Trunk A-B, Rx IGMPv3 Mode Trunk A-B and Rx IGMPv3 Source 1-6 Trunk A-B.
- **Control NAT Table**: Contains the parameters Output IP and Output UDP.
- **Status Table**: Contains the parameters Rx Stream Present Trunk A-B, Rx Stream Data Rate, Rx Stream Mode, Rx Stream Packet Size, Rx Stream Lost Packets, Rx Stream Protected Packets, Rx Stream Unprotected Packets and Stat Clear.

### Notification

This page contains the following tables, which each contain the parameters **Fault** and **Status**:

- **Access Port Fault Present Table**
- **Trunk Port Fault Present Table**
- **Video Decap Fault Present Table**
- **Video Encap Fault Present Table**
- **System Status Fault Present Table**

## Notes

These are the current traps implemented in the connector:

- Traps with ID between 1000 and 1139 update the Access Port Faults Table (PID 4500).

- Temperature OK/High on Ports 1-10
  - Rx Optical Power OK/Low on Ports 1-10
  - Ethernet Link Up/Down on Ports 1-10
  - Ethernet Data Rx OK/Over on Ports 1-10
  - SFP Present Present/Absent on Ports 1-10
  - Video In Present/Absent on Ports 1-10
  - Video Out Present/Absent on Ports 1-10

- Traps with ID between 1400 and 1427 update the Trunk Port Fault Table (PID 4600).

- SFP Temperature OK/High on Trunks A, B
  - SFP Rx Optical Power OK/High on Trunks A, B
  - Ethernet Link Up/Down on Trunks A, B
  - Rx Error OK/Error on Trunks A, B
  - Rx Sever Error OK/Error on Trunks A, B
  - Data Rate OK on Trunks A, B
  - Present Present/Absent on Trunks A, B

- Traps with ID between 1648 and 1667 update the Video Encap Fault Table (PID 4700).

- Stream Present Present/Absent on Ports 1-10
  - Stream Present Present/Absent on Ports 1-10

- Traps with ID between 1668 and 1707 update the Video Decap Fault Table (PID 4800).

- Stream Present Present/Absent on Ports 1-10 Trunk A, B

- Traps with ID between 1708 and 1713 update the System Fault Table (PID 4900).

- Board Fan Present/Absent
  - Board Temperature OK/High
  - Rear Plate Fan Present/Absent
