---
uid: Connector_help_Generic_Carrier_Monitor_Manager_Device
---

# Generic Carrier Monitor Manager Device

The **Generic Carrier Monitor Manager Device** automatically performs sets on demodulator elements and retrieves the measurements.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Generic Carrier Monitor Manager** range 2.0.0.x.

DVE elements will be created per demodulator element on which measurements are performed, so that every DVE element will contain a table with all the measurements that were performed on the corresponding demodulator element.

Current supported demodulator connectors are: Tandberg RX1290, Ericsson RX8330 and Newtec EL970.

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

### Configuration of the measurement

The **Timeout Measurement** parameter can be configured. This is the total amount of time that the manager should wait for results from the demodulator elements. If no results are returned within this time, the measurement row for this carrier is placed in timeout and the next carrier will be tested. You can find this parameter by going to the **General** page and clicking the **Settings** page button.

## Usage

### General

This page contains the **Settings** page button. For more information, refer to the Configuration section above.

The **Measurement Table** is also displayed on this page. This table contains all the settings that are set on the device, but also the measurement results that can be monitored.

An important column in this table is **Enabled**: when this parameter is set to *disabled*, measurements can be skipped.
