---
uid: Connector_help_Gilat_Satellite_Networks_TotalNMS_-_CPE
---

# Gilat Satellite Networks TotalNMS - CPE

The Gilat Satellite Networks TotalNMS - CPE connector is exported by the parent connector [Gilat Satellite Networks TotalNMS](xref:Connector_help_Gilat_Satellite_Networks_TotalNMS). For each known CPE (Customer Peripheral Equipment) instance, a separate child element using this connector will automatically be created. These child elements contain only CPE-related data.

## About

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware**  |
|-----------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | SkyEdge II-c NBI v5.5P2 |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Initialization

The element using this connector is automatically created by the parent element using the [Gilat Satellite Networks TotalNMS](xref:Connector_help_Gilat_Satellite_Networks_TotalNMS) connector. No additional configuration is necessary.

## How to Use

This connector is automatically generated by the Gilat Satellite Networks TotalNMS, range 1.0.0.x. For each entry in the CPE DVEs table of the parent element, a separate element will be created. The name of these child elements will be the same as the terminal name of the CPE.

This connector cannot be used to create a standalone element. You need to create a parent element using the Gilat Satellite Networks TotalNMS (parent) connector to be able to see the exported child elements.

### Alarms Page

The Alarms page contains a filtered version of the Alarms table of the parent element.

By default, when an alarm changes from the state *Open* to *Cleared* for example, the table will contain two entries. In this situation, the alarm will not be overwritten. The **Automatic Alarm Removal** toggle button at the top of the Alarms page of the parent element can be enabled to remove an alarm when its state changes to *Cleared*. That way, the table will only contain currently active alarms.

Note: All alarms can be removed from the table at any time if needed.

### Reports Gallery Page

On the Reports Gallery page, you can find important reports such as **Data** **Throughput**, **Es/N0**,and **C/N0**. After an element restart, it can take a couple of minutes before the values for these parameters are filled in. This is expected behavior.

### Statistics Page

This page contains global information regarding the CPE, such as **MAC Address**, **SLA Name**, **Subscriber Public IP Address**, and **Last Modification Date**.

### Active Reports Page

The Active Reports page contains all the reports that are actively being polled for this CPE.

If you click the **Add Report** button at the bottom of the Active Reports page of the parent element, a new entry will be added with a default element type and element name. Once the entry has been added to the table, select a **Name** and a **Graph Type** to start polling the report.

All active reports can be removed from the table at any time if needed. You can also clear the entire table in one go with the **Clear Reports** button, located in the lower right corner of the Active Reports page of the parent element. However, note that this will also **remove all other reports that are being polled for all other CPEs**.

Keep in mind that the TotalNMS database itself gets an update regularly. During such an update, it is not possible to poll a report, and the corresponding value will indicate N/A. After the next poll cycle, the value should contain a number again.

### Ping Page

Once the parent element is configured so that it will communicate with an element that runs the Generic Ping protocol, ping information of this CPE can be displayed here. Make sure that both the **Admin Status** and the **Jitter Admin Status** toggle buttons are enabled.
