---
uid: Connector_help_Globecomm_iDirect_Shore_Side_Server_-_Remote
---

# Globecomm iDirect Shore Side Server - Remote

This DataMiner connector can be used to monitor remotes that are available through the Globecomm iDirect Shore Side Server web API.

## About

Elements that use this connector represent remotes on the Globecomm iDirect Shore Side server. A remote is comprised of one or more devices; each of them is displayed on a separate page in the element.

Alarm monitoring and trending is possible for most of the parameters. In addition, it is also possible to ping the device for a quick indication of the remote status.

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Globecomm iDirect Shore Side Server** range 1.0.0.x.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | API v1                      |
| 1.0.1.x          | API v1                      |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

The element using this connector is **automatically exported** from the Globecomm iDirect Shore Side Server connector. The configuration of the element must be done in this parent connector.

## Usage

### General

This page contains generic information about the remote, such as the **Name**, the **Communication State** between the shore side server and the remote, and an indication whether the remote still exists on the shore side server.

It is also possible to enable or disable the polling of all devices of the remote.

### Devices

An onboard data collector application communicates with each device and consolidates the collected information. The table on this page provides a list with all the devices of the remote.

A particular communication state is associated with each device and with the onboard data collector.

The **Ping** functionality allows you to perform an ICMP ping to a device of the remote. The device can be pinged through either the VSAT path or the L-Band path.

### On Board Controller

This page displays all data of the **Onboard Controller** device. The onboard data collector is a device that reports data to the shore side server.

### VSAT Modem

This page displays all data of the **iDirect Evolution X7 Satellite Router** device.

### ACU

This page displays all data of the **Sailor 900 ACU** device.

### Router

This page displays all data of the **CISCO Router** device. The CISCO router can have up to twenty interfaces and local interfaces monitored.

### Console Server

This page displays all data of the **WTI RSM8R8** device. The RSM8R8 is a Western Telematic Remote site manager. It has 8 remotely controlled AC power plugs and 9 RS232 console ports.

### Network Optimizer

This page displays all data of the **Xiplink XA TCP/IP Accelerator** device.

### UPS

This page displays all data of the **EATON UPS Evolution 1550** device.

### L-band Modem

This page displays all data of the **SAILOR 500 FFB** and **Iridium Broadband Subscriber Unit** devices.

### VOIP

This page displays all data of the **CISCO SPA112 ATA** device.

### WAN PATH

This page displays all data of the **WAN PATH** device.

### NIMBUS/GCPro

This page displays all data of the **NIMBUS** device.

### ACCESS GSM

This page displays all data of the **ACCESS GSM** device.
