---
uid: Connector_help_HP_V1910
---

# HP V1910

The HP V1910 is an advanced smart-managed fixed-configuration **Gigabit and Fast Ethernet Switch**, designed for small businesses in an easy-to-administer solution.

## About

This is an **SNMP**-based connector for the HP V1910.

### Version Info

| Range | Description | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant |
|------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version | No                  | No                      |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | 5.20                        |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### Main connection

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.

SNMP Settings:

- **Port number**: The port of the connected device, by default *161*.
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device. The default value is *public*.
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device. The default value is *private*.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information regarding the device itself, such as the **System Description**, **Contact**, **Name**, **Location** and **Uptime**. On this page, you can also view the device's current **Temperature**, **CPU** and **Memory Usage**.

The following page buttons are available:

- **Services**: Displays which **OSI Layers are active** in the device.
- **CPU and Memory**: Contains more detailed information about the CPU and memory of the device.
- **UDP Stats**: Shows the UDP statistics, such as **UDP Datagrams Delivered/Sent**, **Number of UDP Ports** and **UDP Table**.
- **TCP Stats**: Displays TCP statistics information, such as **TCP Timeouts**, **Active/Passive Opens**, **TCP Currently Established**, **Total Segments Received/Sent** and **TCP Connection Table**.
- **ICMP Stats**: Statistics of the **ICMP Messages**.
- **IP Stats**: Detailed information regarding the **IP Messages**, e.g. **IP Delivered Datagrams**, **IP Delivered Datagrams**, **IP Datagrams Received** and **IP Default TTL**.
- **MAC Addresses**: Shows the **MAC Address Table**.

There is also a **Reset Device** button, which sends a command in order to reset the device.

### Detailed Interfaces

This page contains a general **Interface Table** with the following columns: **Enable/Disable Port**, **Port State**, **Custom Description**, **Name**, **Type**, **Physical Address**, **Operational Status**, **Administrative Status**, **Bandwidth**, **Bandwidth Utilization**, **MTU** and **Last Change**.

### Detailed Interfaces - Rx

The page contains a table similar to the Detailed Interface Table. However, this table displays information regarding the **Receiving** and therefore has the following columns: **Rx Bitrate**, **Rx Packet Rate**, **Rx Unicast Packets**, **Rx Discarded Packets**, **Rx Errors** and **Rx Unknown Protocols**.

### Detailed Interfaces - Tx

This page displays a table with information about the **Transmitting**. It contains the following columns: **Tx Bitrate**, **Tx Packet Rate**, **Tx Unicast Packets**, **Tx Discarded Packets** and **Tx Errors**.

### IP Routing

This page contains the **IP Route Table**.

The following page buttons are available:

- **ARP Table**: Displays the **ARP Table**.
- **Operate Table**: Displays the **Operate Table**.

### Config - Operation

This page contains the **Operate** **Table** and a button to **create** **entries** for the table.

Note the following regarding the way entries in the table are made:

- If you make a row with **Type** = **Running2 Startup** or **Startup2 Running**, there is no need to fill in a **Server** **Address**, but for all the **other types** this does need to be filled in.
- If you make an entry with **Type** = **Net2** **Running** or **Net2** **Startup**, the **File** **Name** needs to contain .**cfg**, as otherwise the creation of the entry will fail.

### Web Page

This page provides access to the web interface of the device.

Note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.
