---
uid: Connector_help_Huawei_MA5800-MA5633
---

# Huawei MA5800-MA5633

This is an SNMP protocol for the Huawei MA5633 device and Huawei MA5800.

The Huawei MA5633 (CMC) is a D-CCAP (distributed converged cable access platform) device that makes it possible to provide broadband and TV to cable modems through a cable network. The device is always linked to the Huawei MA580 (OLT) hardware based on GPON fiber links. This specific configuration makes it possible to push the fiber deeper into the network, making it easier to meet the increasing bandwidth demands. A typical CMC device can serve up to 1024 CMs. The MA5633 (CMC) has no embedded SNMP agent and therefore the MA5800 acts as a gateway to retrieve the information managed by every single CMC attached to the OLT.

This driver is designed to retrieve information from the MA5633, including the network topology, which another component using a CPE manager protocol can reuse. The driver will also configure the Target Address table, so the traps are sent to the correct interface.

For this purpose, it creates a row with the following values:

- Domain = 1.3.6.1.6.1.1
- Address = IP from the OLT in hex
- Timeout = 1500
- Retry Count = 3
- Tag List = TrapHost
- Params = Dataminer
- Storage = 3

## About

The driver needs an SNMP connection to retrieve information from the device.

### Ranges of the driver

| **Driver Range**     | **Description**                             | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x              | Initial version                             | No                  | Yes                     |
| 1.0.1.x \[SLC Main\] | Temp/CPU table split into CMC and OLT table | No                  | Yes                     |

### Supported firmware versions

| **Driver Range** | **Device Firmware Version** |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | 2102350FGBN0FA000057        |
| 1.0.1.x          | 2102350FGBN0FA000057        |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### SNMP main connection

This driver uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.

SNMP Settings:

- **Port number**: The port of the connected device, by default *161*.
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device: *public123.*
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device, by default *private*.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general parameters related to the device, such as **Serial Number**, **Software Version**, **Device Name**,etc.

There are also 3 page buttons:

- **Temperature/CPU**: This page shows the temperature and CPU information of the OLT and CMCs.
- **Frame**: This page displays the availability of each CMC and allows you to disable or enable the DVE element connected to each CMC.
- **File** **Location**: This page allows you to change the location where files generated by the protocol are stored.

### Interface Table

On this page, you can find the interface table. This table displays information for each **interface**, such as the **Speed** and **Admin** **status**.

### Registration Table

This page displays the **Registration** **Table**.

Above the table, there is a **toggle button** that can be used to enable or disable **polling**.

### Channels

This page displays two tables: the **UpStreamChannel** and **DownStreamChannel** tables.

There is also a **toggle button** available that can be used to enable or disable **polling**.

This page contains 3 page buttons:

- **US OFDM**: This page displays the US OFDM channel table.
- **DS OFDM**: This page displays the DS OFDM channel table.
- **Eqam Channel**: This page displays the Eqam Channel table with the utilization.

### Entity Physical

This page displays the **Ent Physical Table**.

### Alarm Table

This page displays a table that contains all the traps that have been received. The page also contains 1 page button, **Config Trap Table**, which opens a subpage where you can configure how many traps are displayed in the table and for how long.

## Supported Traps

