---
uid: Connector_help_iDirect_Platform_Network_Virtual
---

# iDirect Platform Network Virtual

This protocol represents a **network** object in an iDirect NMS platform.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by connector **iDirect Platform**.

In the main iDirect Platform element, you can indicate whether a DVE must be created. When DVE creation is enabled, an element with the iDirect Platform Network virtual protocol will be created for each row in the **Networks Table** of the main element.

Different possibilities for **alarm monitoring** and **trending** are available.

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Device Firmware Version**           |
|------------------|---------------------------------------|
| 10.0.0.x         | Compatible with all iDirect versions. |
| 10.0.1.x         | Compatible with all iDirect versions. |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General page

This page displays the number of active remotes and the average latency per remote, as well as the aggregated traffic rates of the network.

The following parameter values are calculated by the connector:

- **Network Upstream Symbol Rate**: Sum of the symbol rate of all upstream carriers.
- **Network Downstream Symbol Rate**: Sum of the symbol rate of all downstream carriers.
- **Network Upstream Information Rate**: Sum of all information rates of the upstream carriers used by this network.
- **Network Downstream Information Rate**: Sum of all information rates of the downstream carriers used by this network.
- **Network Available Bandwidth Upstream**: \[Upstream Information Rate (PID 6023)\] - \[Used Bandwidth Upstream (PID 6013)\].
- **Network Available Bandwidth Downstream**: \[Downstream Information Rate (PID 6024)\] - \[Used Bandwidth Downstream (PID 6014)\].
- **Network Used Bandwidth Upstream**: The sum of the Tx Total parameters of all active remotes \[Tx Total (PID 2050)\].
- **Network Used Bandwidth** **Downstream**: The sum of the Rx Total parameters of all active remotes \[Rx Total (PID 2057)\].
- **Network Upstream Utilization**: Utilization percentage when comparing \[Used Bandwidth Upstream (PID 6013)\] to \[Upstream Information Rate (PID 6023)\].
- **Network Downstream Utilization**: Utilization percentage when comparing \[Used Bandwidth Downstream (PID 6014)\] to \[Downstream Information Rate (PID 6024)\].
- **Network Booked Available Bandwidth Upstream**: \[Upstream Information Rate (PID 6023)\] - \[Booked Bandwidth Upstream (PID 6017)\].
- **Network Booked Available Bandwidth Downstream**: \[Downstream Information Rate (PID 6024)\] - \[Booked Bandwidth Downstream (PID 6018)\].
- **Network Booked Bandwidth Upstream**: Sum of all upstream CIR values of all active remotes in this network.
- **Network Booked Bandwidth Downstream**: Sum of all downstream minimum datarate CIR values of all active remotes in this network.
- **Network Booked Upstream Utilization**: Utilization percentage when comparing \[Booked Bandwidth Upstream (PID 6007)\] to \[Upstream Information Rate (PID 6023)\].
- **Network Booked Downstream Utilization**: Utilization percentage when comparing \[Booked Bandwidth Downstream (PID 6008)\] to \[Downstream Information Rate (PID 6024)\].
- **Network Downstream Actual Capacity**: \[Downstream Symbol Rate (PID 6006)\] \* \[Total MODCOD Data Rate (PID 7104)\] / \[Total MODCOD Symbol Rate (PID 7105)\].

#### Custom Network Exclusion subpage

In the main element, there is the possibility to include/exclude remotes in the network calculations. The table on this subpage displays the same data as the General page, but in table format. The second column shows the values for all remotes, the third column shows the data for the included remotes, and the fourth column shows the difference between the previous columns ( = excluded remotes).

### Teleport page

This page displays the teleport name and GPS coordinates.

### Network Remotes page

This page displays a table with all the remotes that are currently connected to this network. The table shows the real-time status and traffic rates for each remote.

### Protocol Processor page

This page shows the protocol processor and protocol processor blades that are assigned to this network. A protocol processor can be assigned to more than one network, and more than one blade can be assigned to a protocol processor.

### Inroute Groups page

This page displays a table with the inroute groups used in this network. The table contains the number of remotes that are currently using the inroute group, together with real-time traffic rates.

#### DVB-S2 Inroute Groups subpage

Three tables are displayed on this page. Each table contains a row for each inroute group in the network. The first table shows the data rate for each modcod, the second table shows the symbol rate for each modcod, and the third table shows the distribution of each modcod.

- **IG MODCOD Data Rate Table**: Number of bytes transferred for each modcod.
- **IG MODCOD Symbol Rate Table**: Number of symbols transferred for each modcod.
- **IG MODCOD Distribution Table**: The data distribution in % for each modcod.

### Carriers page

This page displays two tables with the **upstream** and **downstream carriers** used in this network.

### QoS Groups page

This page displays utilization statistics of QoS service groups that are available on this network. Application level and remote level configuration are both supported.

### DVB-S2 Network page

This page contains a table that displays the distribution of the data that is transferred over the different MODCODs. The **current MODCOD** is the MODCOD that currently has the highest distribution %.

#### DVB-S2 Network Distribution Configuration subpage

This subpage shows a table with the estimated modcod distribution. This information is based on the configuration in iBuilder.

### Network History page

Each time a remote enters or leaves the network, a snapshot is taken of the remotes that are in the network at that moment. The snapshots are stored in the system for a period of 30 days.
