---
uid: Connector_help_iDirect_Platform_Virtual
---

# iDirect Platform Virtual

This protocol represents a **terminal** (customer installation) object in an iDirect NMS platform.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by connector **iDirect Platform**.

In the main iDirect Platform element, you can indicate whether a DVE must be created. When DVE creation is enabled, an element with the iDirect Platform Virtual protocol will be created for each row in the **iDirect Platform Table** of the main element.

Different possibilities for **alarm monitoring** and **trending** are available.

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Device Firmware Version**           |
|------------------|---------------------------------------|
| 10.0.0.x         | Compatible with all iDirect versions. |
| 10.0.1.x         | Compatible with all iDirect versions. |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General page

This page contains general parameters related to the remote, such as the **serial number**, **current state**, **latency**, **location**, etc.

When the remote is deactivated or removed from the iDirect NMS, the **Delete Element** button can be used to also delete the DVE in DataMiner. This is only applicable when the **Auto Delete Remote DVEs** parameter is disabled in the main element.

### Alarms page

This page displays all alarm information.

### Remote Status page

This page contains real-time information such as the **SNR**, **power**, **temperature**, **gain, CRC and SCPC errors**, etc.

### Traffic Statistics page

This page displays **traffic rates** for TCP, UDP, ICMP, IGMP, HTTP and other data. Totals are available for a fixed window (daily, weekly, monthly or custom, reset at the beginning of each period) and a sliding window (last 7 days and last 30 days).

#### Custom Traffic Counters subpage

This subpage displays the same counters as the main Traffic Statistics page, but on this page you can reset them by clicking the **Clear Counters** button.

### Satellite Statistics page

This page contains over-the-air (OTA) statistics for the remote.

### Beams page

This page displays the current **active beam** and **its inroute group**. There is also a table with all the possible beams for this remote. In the table on the right-hand side, all the **beam changes** are stored.

### VLAN page

This page displays a table with the configured VLANS for this remote, along with the **name** and **IP**.

### GPS page

This page displays the current location of the remote, by means of GPS coordinates (when available). The average speed is calculated by comparing the last two received GPS coordinates.

The GPS trace is kept for 365 days, and can be used in combination with DataMiner Maps.

### QOS page

This page displays utilization statistics of QoS service groups that are configured for this remote. Application level and remote level configuration are both supported.

### DVB-S2 page

This page contains a table that displays the distribution of the data that is transferred over the different MODCODs. The **Current MODCOD** is the MODCOD that currently has the highest distribution %.
