---
uid: Connector_help_IEC_60870_5-104
---

# IEC 60870 5-104

The International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) defines 60870 standards for telecontrol (supervisory control and data acquisition) in electric engineering and power system automation applications. The **IEC 60870 5-104** protocol provides a communication profile for sending basic telecontrol messages between two systems in electrical engineering and power system automation.

IEC 104 provides the network access to IEC 60870 5-101 using standard transport profiles, delivering IEC 101 messages as application data over TCP, port 2404. It enables communication between control station (master) and a substation (slave) via a standard TCP/IP network - communication is based on the client-server model.

## About

DataMiner acts as a master whereas the Remote Terminal Unit (RTU) is the slave. The RTU has an internal programmable Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) with digital and analog IO used to monitor telecom or transmission centers.Among others, energy metrics such as oil pressure, temperature or access metrics as control mode, control VCC, etc., can be monitored and controlled.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Key Features**             | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|-----------|------------------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Initial version \[SLC Main\] | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | \-                     |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes/No                  | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

- *Smart-Serial Main Connection*

  This driver uses a Smart-Serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

  SMART-SERIAL CONNECTION:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device, e.g. *192.168.56.201*.
  - **IP port**: The IP port of the device, e.g. *161*.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device, e.g. *1*.

### Initialization

After the connection is established with the RTU, all the Information Object Addresses (IOAs) are retrieved from the unit. The IOAs are configured in the PLC, where each IOA corresponds to a parameter.

A configuration file shall be imported with metadata of RTU's parameters. The file should be placed in one of the following paths:

- C:\Skyline DataMiner\Documents\Elements\xxx.xlsx
- C:\Skyline DataMiner\Documents\Protocol\yyy.xlsx

As per example, below you may find a metadata file:'Note that, the metadata columns above will be displayed in the Parameter table.

### Web Interface

No webinterface available.

## How to Use

Once the connection is successfully established, the status parameters on the General page are filled in.

At startup, the Parameter table on General page is filled with digital and analog IOA values. As soon as the metadata file is imported, the remaining columns are filled in as well as the Command table on the command page.

Commands flow:At startup, an initial command is sent, known as StartDT which basically indicates to the Slave that data transfer can be initiated. After that, all the IOAs present in the RTU are requested by sending the Interrogation command. At last, the TestFR command is sent periodically which is similar to a ping command.

General

Displays status parameters mentioned above and the Parameter table.

Status block

- **Data Transfer** - Displays the data transfer state between the controlling and controlled station
- **Connecton** - Inidicates the status of the connection. This parameter is updated with a TestFR response
- **TCP Connection** - Current status of the TCP connection
- **Total Number of Parameters** - Indicates the total number of IOAs retrieved from the RTU

Parameter table

The table shows all the digital and analog parameters retrieved from the RTU.

Configuration pagebutton

The user is able to adjust the sending of interrogation commands. In addition to that, a Reconnect button might be used to close and reopen the TCP socket.

Import File pagebutton

This page contains:

- Metadata table:

- Contains the CSV data imported

- Import file UI: Allows the user to set and choose the CSV file path along with the file sheet

- Protocol Document Files - The IEC 60870 5-104 folder (C:\Skyline DataMiner\Documents\IEC 60870 5-104) is created at startup and it holds the document path to retrieve the file from
  - Element Document Files - The Elements folder (C:\Skyline DataMiner\Documents\Elements) is created at startup and it holds the document path to retrieve the file from
  - Import File Path - Full path of the CSV file
  - Import File Sheet - Sheet of the CSV file
  - Refresh button - Updates the Import File Path parameter.

- Current Task:

- Displays the status when importing the file

- Processing Task:

- Displays the current processing task

CommandA table where all the IOAs used for set actions on the RTU is displayed.
