---
uid: Connector_help_Imagine_Communications_VTM_Series
---

# Imagine Communications VTM Series

This connector can be used to control the Videotekr VTM4150PKG multiformat, modular rasterizer monitor. The Videotekr VTM4150 packages are predefined module groupings designed to quickly deliver onscreen monitoring solutions. The series features 3 Gb/s, HD/SD-SDI, SD-SDI, analog composite and ASI video monitoring, advanced physical layer jitter analysis, Dolby, advanced audio and lip sync monitoring options.

This connector is designed to monitor and control the device using an SNMP connection.

## About

### Version Info

| Range | Description | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant |
|------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | 7.35                        |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### SNMP Main connection

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.
- **Device address**: Not required.

SNMP Settings:

- **Port number**: The port of the connected device, by default *161*.
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device, by default *public*.
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device, by default *private*.

### Web Interface

The web interface is only accessible when the client machine has network access to the product.

## How to use

The element consists of the data pages detailed below.

### General

This page shows system information taken from MIB-2.

### About

This page displays the firmware version, VPR ID, Slot 1 ID, Slot 2 ID, Audio ID, display firmware version, panel version, RCU version, and serial number information.

### Alarm Status

This page lists the most recent 1000 alarms generated by the device.

### Interfaces

This page shows the interface of the device, along with related information.

### Protocols

This page shows the device's available protocols measurements (IP, TCP, ICMP and UDP).

### System Stats

This page contains system statistics related to the CPU, memory, version and load of the device.

### SNMP Settings

This page contains settings related to the system debugging, logging and cache.

### GPIO

This page allows you to change all 9 GPI alarm names. There is a 16-character limit for each GPI alarm name.

### System

This page allows you to rename the input source IDs. It also indicates the number of current monitored alarms.

### Time Code Alarms / Analog Alarms / Digital Alarms / Audio Alarms / TS Alarms

These pages contain an Alarm Enable and Parameter Settings field for each of the relevant alarms.

### Web RCU

The WEB RCU page is the virtual front panel control for the VTM/TVM instrument.
