---
uid: Connector_help_IneoQuest_iVMS_ASM_-_Inspector_Probe
---

# IneoQuest iVMS ASM - Inspector Probe

The Inspector probe will keep track of a large number of program streams for real-time linear and/or ABR preparation and delivery. Because these streams must be encoded or transcoded, and checked for regulatory compliance before being sent downstream to viewers, it is of high importance to monitor the status of these programs and streams.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **IneoQuest iVMS ASM**.

## About

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.1.0.x   | 4.01.01.23             |
| 1.2.4.x   | 5.06.00                |

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage - Range 1.1.0.x

### Probe

Generic probe information is available such as **IP** and **MAC** **Address**, **Type**, **Location**, **Status**, and **Device Status**.

### Monitoring Points

The **Monitoring Points Table** lists all monitoring points filtered per probe. It gives an overview of the number of **Active**, **Good**, **Outage**, **Warning**, and **History Flows** and **Programs**.

### Flows

All flows linked to the probe are listed in the **Flows Table**. It shows the status of each flow. The **display key** is a combination of the Probe Name, Monitoring Point Alias, and Flow Name.

### Programs

All programs linked to the probe are listed in the **Programs Table**. It shows the status of each program and the number of **Current Alarms** and **History Alarms**. The **display key** is a combination of the Probe Name, Monitoring Point Alias, Flow Name, and Program Name.

### Events

The events tables on this page contain the alarm info per type. These tables are updated via the device L4 traps. The polled open alarms table is used to sync up these tables.The **System, Program and Transport Alarm Table** will be filtered for each probe element based on the probe link. This way you will only see relevant information in each DVE.

## Usage - Range 1.2.4.x

The DVE element displays the general information of the probe as well as the related QoS Assets, QoE Assets, Streams, and Alarms.
