---
uid: Connector_help_IneoQuest_iVMS_ASM_-_IQDialogue_Probe
---

# IneoQuest iVMS ASM - IQDialogue Probe

With this connector, you can monitor video content streamed using adaptive bitrate technologies, both VoD and linear/live. This solution can passively monitor all video traffic over a multi-Gbps links. It provides publishing/origin and trans-network verification with both passive and active monitoring techniques. IQDialogue ASM checks if content is available at caching sites and quickly notifies users of packaging errors, stale manifests, missing media chunks, and HTTP errors that could impact the viewer experience. IneoQuest's proprietary VeriStream metric (VS score) shows the QoS status for each video chunk of each stream.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **IneoQuest iVMS ASM**.

## About

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.1.0.x   | 4.01.01.23             |
| 1.2.4.x   | 5.06.00                |

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage - Range 1.1.0.x

### Probe

Generic probe information is available such as **IP** and **MAC** **Address**, **Type**, **Location**, **Status**, and **Device Status**.

There is also ASM-specific probe information, with an overview of the VeriStream metrics. These parameters are **Avg VS**, **VS1**, **VS2**, **VS3**, **VS4** and **VS5 Stream Count**.

The IQD-specific parameters are **HTTP 4xxx** and **HTTP 5xxx Stream Count**.

### Assets

On this page, you will find the linked asset instances per probe. This table contains some generic info such as the **Alias** and **URL**, but also VeriStream Scores per asset (**Min VS**, **Max VS**, **Avg VS**, **VS1**, **VS2**, **VS3**, **VS4** and **VS5 Stream Count**), and the **HTTP 4xxx** and **HTTP 5xxx Stream Count**, **Server Count**, **Avg Bitrate**, and **Avg DL Bitrate**.

### Events

The events tables on this page contain the alarm info per type. These tables are updated via the device L4 traps. The polled open alarms table is used to sync up these tables.

The **System, Program and Transport Alarm Table** will be filtered for each probe element based on the probe link. This way you will only see relevant information in each DVE.

## Usage - Range 1.2.4.x

The DVE element displays the general information of the probe as well as the related Synthetic Assets and Alarms.
