---
uid: Connector_help_ITS_Electronics_Quad-Band_BUC-BDC
---

# ITS Electronics Quad-Band BUC-BDC

The **ITS Electronics Quad-Band BUC-BDC** device is a Up/Down Converter provided by ITS Electronics.

## About

The **ITS Electronics Quad-Band BUC-BDC** connector is a **serial** connector that connects to the Monitor and Control application level Interface. The interface is intended for use by monitoring and control software running on a remote computer, but it is designed to still be readable by a human operator.

### Version Info

| Range | Description | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant |
|------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### Serial Main connection

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.
  - **IP port**: Default value is set to 2000.
  - **Bus address**: not required.

## Usage

### Main

This page displays following parameters:

- **Unit Serial Number**: Serial number of the device.
- **Software Part Number and Version**: Software number and version of the device.
- **Hardware Part Number**: Hardware Part Number.
- **Temperature**: This parameter reports the temperature measured in the unit.
- **OCXO Tuning Voltage**: OCXO Tuning Voltage in the unit.
- **+5V DC Voltage**: +5V DC Voltage in the unit.
- **+12V DC Voltage**: +12V DC Voltage in the unit.
- **Soft Reset**: This button resets the unit.

Settings

On this page you can view and set the **gain** and **mute** settings for every band. The **Band x Volts and Currents...** page button will open a pop-up page where you can view the **voltages** and **currents** for the respective band.

### Alarms

This page displays all the alarms that are generated by the device. The **Band x Alarms...** page button will open a pop-up page where you can view the alarms for the respective band.

The S**ummary Alarm** will be set for any alarm except for **OCXO External Reference Not Present**.

### Web interface

### This page contains the web interface of the device.

Note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.
