---
uid: Connector_help_Johnson_Controls_NCE25
---

# Johnson Controls NCE25

The **Johnson Controls NCE25** is a Network Control Engine that controls IOs. A text/CSV file can be imported as a configuration in the element. based on the imported data, OIDs will be dynamically polled.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Unknown                |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Yes                 | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### SNMP Main Connection

This driver uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
- **IP port**: The IP port of the destination.

SNMP Settings:

- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device (default: *public*).
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device (default: *private*).

### Initialization

Via the **Import** page button on the **IO Readings** page, you can configure the path and select the file that should be used as the configuration for the element.
On this subpage, **Import Overwrite** will clean all rows from the table that are not listed in the import file. **Import Add/Update** will only append and update entries and never remove items.

The polling state for existing items always remains untouched when an import is executed.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

## How to use

Based on the imported entries in the **IO Readings** table, when the **Polling State** is set to *Enabled*, the rows will contain polled data.

With the buttons **Enable All** and **Disable All**, you can modify the **Polling State** for the full table to the desired polling option.

Via the context menu of the **IO Readings** table, you can perform the following actions:

- **Add IO Reading**: Opens a pop-up window where you can specify the **Reference**, **Name**, **Type** and **Polling State**.
- **Remove IO Reading(s)**: Removes the selected entries. A confirmation message will be displayed.
- **Remove All**: Clears the table. A confirmation message will be displayed.

## DataMiner Connectivity Framework

The **1.0.0.x** driver range of the Johnson Controls NCE25 protocol supports the usage of DCF and can only be used on a DMA with **8.5.4** as the minimum version.

DCF can also be implemented through the DataMiner DCF user interface and through DataMiner Third Party protocols (for instance a manager).

### Interfaces

- **Dynamic interfaces**: Can be generated by an external element or script, by adding keys in the **Remote DCF Interface Table** (PID: 50000).

### Connections

- **Internal Connections**: Can be generated by an external element or script, by making connections between interfaces defined in the **Remote DCF Interface Table** (PID: 50000).
- **External Connections**: Can be generated by an external element or script, by making connections between interfaces defined in the **Remote DCF Interface Table** (PID: 50000).
