---
uid: Connector_help_LPT_3000RX4
---

# LPT 3000RX4

The **LP Technologies LPT-3000RX4** remote spectrum analyzer is part of the LPT-X series, which is the fourth generation of remote spectrum analyzers backed by LP Technologies. The frequency range covers 70 MHz IF and satellite L band, and spans from 9 kHz up to 3.0 GHz.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 2.9.2.r1.588           |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Serial Main Connection

This driver uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
- **IP port**: The IP port of the destination (default: *5025*).

### Initialization

No extra configuration is needed.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

### Web Interface

The web interface is only accessible when the client machine has network access to the product.

## How to use

The element created with this driver consists of the data pages described below.

### Spectrum Analyzer Page

This page contains the Spectrum Analysis user interface. On the left, a graphical view of the incoming signal is displayed. On the right, multiple settings are available that allow you to configure the displayed view and the spectrum analyzer. For more information, refer to the DMS Spectrum Analysis section of the DataMiner Help.

### General Page

This page displays general information about the analyzer: **Manufacturer**, **Model**, **Serial Number** and **Firmware Version**.

There are also several configuration parameters, such as:

- **Switch Position**: This parameter changes the selected input (1,2,3 or 4)*.*
- **Detection Mode**: Can be set to *Negative*, *Normal*, *Sample*, *Average* or *Peak.*
- **Amplitude Unit**: The unit can be configured; however, to retrieve correct traces it must be set to **dBm**.

Alarm monitoring can be enabled for these parameters. **Detection Mode** and **Automatic Alignment** can also be trended by DataMiner.
