---
uid: Connector_help_LPT_3000R
---

# LPT 3000R

The **LPT 3000R** device is a fully synthesized RF spectrum analyzer unit. It provides a powerful RF test and measurement tool for CDMA and WCDMA RF systems, broadcast RF systems and EMI/EMC.

## About

The **LPT 3000R** connector is a **serial** connector that functions as a spectrum analyzer unit. It allows alarm monitoring and trending on many important parameters. The connector is used to configure and view the spectrum analyzer to monitor the network.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description**                           | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version                           | No                  | Yes                     |
| 1.0.1.x          | New firmware based on 1.0.0.x (see below) | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Older than 1.1.38           |
| 1.0.1.x          | 1.1.38 1.1.44               |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### Serial Main Connection

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the LPT 3000R device connected to the network, e.g. *10.11.12.13.*
- **IP port**: The port of the local TCP connection used by the LPT 3000R, by default *5000*.

## Usage

### Spectrum Analyzer Page

On this page, the DataMiner Spectrum Analyzer Component is displayed along with all the component features.

On the left, there is a graphical view of the incoming signal. On the right, multiple settings are available to configure the spectrum analyzer, such as **Reference Level**, **Reference Scale**, **Start Freq.**, **Stop Freq.**, **Freq. Span**, **Center Freq.**, **Resolution BW**, **Video BW**, **Sweep Time** and **Input Attenuation (dB)**.

### General Page

On this page, general information about the analyzer is displayed: **Manufacturer**, **Model**, **Serial Number** and **Firmware Version**.

There are also some configuration parameters, such as **Detection Mode** (with possible options: *Negative*, *Normal*, *Sample*, *Average* and *Peak*), **Automatic Alignment**, **Amplitude Unit**, **Pre Amp** and **Switch Position**. These configuration parameters have alarm monitoring enabled. **Detection Mode** and **Automatic Alignment** can also be trended by DataMiner.
