---
uid: Connector_help_LYNX_Technik_AG_Series_5000_-_PVD_5840-D
---

# LYNX Technik AG Series 5000 - PVD 5840-D

The PVD 5840 FLEXCARD offers a host of advanced functions in a single compact module. It functions primarily as a frame synchronizer and image and audio processor, but it can be custom-configured to address a multitude of applications.

## About

This connector is generated by the connector **LYNX Technik AG Series 5000**, range **1.0.0.x**.

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Device Firmware Version (SNs)** |
|------------------|-----------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | 07e4xxxx                          |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the parent connector **LYNX Technik AG Series 5000**, from range **1.0.0.x** onwards.

## Usage

### General

This page displays information about the device, including the **Address**, the **Product** and **Device Name** (editable), and the **Version**, **Device Information** and **Status Color**.

The **Lock** parameter enables or disables the editable parameters.

The **Refresh Button** resubscribes all the parameters on the card.

### Audio

This page displays information about the **audio inputs**.

### Chassis

This page displays information about the **temperature** of different components.

### Embed

This page displays information about the state of the **audio groups**.

### Frame Sync

This page displays information about the **sync status and options**.

### MUX

On this page, you can set the **multiplexing** of the audio streams.

### Processing

This page displays information related to the video of the different outputs.

### SDI

This page displays information about the SDI inputs.
