---
uid: Connector_help_LYNX_Technik_AG_Series_5000_-_PVD_5810
---

# LYNX Technik AG Series 5000 - PVD 5810

The PVD 5810 is a versatile SDI frame synchronizer with full audio support, which can be used to address a variety of synchronization issues in broadcasting. The module offers multi-format support for SDI formats up to 3 Gbit/s (auto-detect).

## About

This connector is generated by the connector **LYNX Technik AG Series 5000**, range **1.0.0.x**.

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Device Firmware Version (SNs)** |
|------------------|-----------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | 07f2xxxx                          |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the parent connector **LYNX Technik AG Series 5000**, from range **1.0.0.x** onwards.

## Usage

### General

This page displays information about the device, including the **Address**, the **Product** and **Device Name** (editable), and the **Version**, **Device Information** and **Status Color**.

The **Lock** parameter enables or disables the editable parameters.

The **Refresh Button** resubscribes all the parameters on the card.

### Audio

This page displays information about the **audio streams** and the **audio inputs**.

### Delay

This page displays delay information and also allows you to set information related to the delay of the inputs and outputs.

### SDI

This page displays information about the SDI inputs.

### AES

This page displays information about the AES inputs and outputs.

### Embed

This page displays information about the state of the **audio groups**.

### Frame Sync

This page displays the sync parameters of the device.

### Presets

On this page, you can edit the different presets of the device.

### Processing

On this page, you can set video processing parameters.
