---
uid: Connector_help_Mediaproxy_Player
---

# Mediaproxy Player

The Mediaproxy Player is a compliancy platform that allows the user to manage video streams and metadata. It allows a user to search, extract, stream and review recorded media. It also contains an extract, transcode and burn-in engine, as well as an integrated search engine for closed captions and Meta data.This protocol is used to monitor the player's activity and events.

## About

### Version Info

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>Range</strong></td>
<td><strong>Key Features</strong></td>
<td><strong>Based on</strong></td>
<td><strong>System Impact</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1.0.0.x[SLC Main]</td>
<td><p>Initial version;</p>
<p>Receives asynchronous events;</p></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 2.9.2.r1.588           |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### HTTP Main Connection

This driver uses an HTTP connection and requires the following input during element creation:

HTTP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: \[The polling IP or URL of the destination. It should start with https:// .\]
  - **IP port**: \[The IP port of the destination. (default: *443*)\]
  - **Device address**: \[The bus address of the device. If the proxy server has to be bypassed, specify *BypassProxy*.\]

#### Events Connection

This driver uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

- **IP address/host**: \[The polling IP or URL of the destination. Should be the same as the HTTP Connection IP.\]
  - **IP port**: \[The IP port of the destination. (default: *5000*)\]
  - **Bus address**: \[The bus address of the device. (possible values: *ByPassProxy*)\]

### Initialization

The protocol requires an authentication token for login purposes.

### Web Interface

The web interface is only accessible when the client machine has network access to the product.

## How to use

The **General page** contains the login information required to make the protocol works.

The **Channels page** contains the information for all the channels available in the system. These are read only.

The **Events page** contains monitoring information. The **Event States** table contains both synchronous and asynchronous events generated by the Mediaproxy server (**alarming**). The **Type Information sub page** contains system information for the types seen in the **Event States**.

## Notes

### Upgrade Notes:

When updating from version 1.0.0.6 to 1.0.0.7 or higher, you need to check if non of your alarming or trending template use the Event States table (id 1240). The table is volatile in version 1.0.0.7 and higher.
