---
uid: Connector_help_Miranda_IControl_General_-_XVP-3901
---

# Miranda IControl General - XVP-3901

The Miranda IControl XVP-3901 is a video processor. The connector to monitor this device is automatically generated by the connector Miranda IControl General, range 2.0.0.x or 3.0.0.x.

## About

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 2.0.0.x   | \-                     |
| 3.0.0.x   | \-                     |

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the parent connector [Miranda IControl General](xref:Connector_help_Miranda_IControl_General), from version 2.0.0.x onwards.

## Usage (Range 2.0.0.x)

### General

This page displays general information, such as the **Overall Status** and **Card LED**, as well as general switch statistics.

### Audio

This page displays statistics regarding the **Signal Channels**.

### Fixed Delay

This page displays **Channel Coarse** statistics.

### Fine Delay

This page displays **Channel Fine** statistics.

### Input/Output

This page displays statistics for **Input/Output**, **all Gain** and **Vertical HD**.

### Levels

This page displays **Level Channel** statistics.

### Presence

This page displays statistics for **Format Selected** and **Source Selected**.

## Usage (Range 3.0.0.x)

### Audio Processing

This page displays the **Groups** and **Discrete AES Detected**. There are page buttons to the **Signal Presence** subpage, the **Downmix** subpage, and **8 CH channels** subpages (each containing four different channels). Several parameters can be configured on these pages, such as the downmix **Operation Mode**, **Dialnorml**, **LFE**, etc., and the signal **Levels**, **Phase**, **Mute**, **Coarse**, **Fine**,etc.

### Video Input/Output

This page displays information regarding the **Video Input/output**, such as **Input Select**, **Input Configuration**, **BNC configuration**, **Fiber Configuration**, **Freeze**, **Deglitcher**,and **Input 2 Mode**.

### Video Outputs

This page displays the **3G/HD** and **SD Output Format**, **Aspect Ratio**, and **AFD Mode**.

### Video Processing

This page displays **Video Processing** statistics, such as **Proc Mode** and **RGB Gamut Mode**.

### RGB Settings / YCbCr Settings

Depending on the video processing **Proc Mode configuration**, the element will contain either the RGB Settings or the YCbCr Settings page.

These pages allow you to configure basic parameters such as the **Y Gain**, **Chrominance Gain**, **Black Offset**, and **Hue** (for YCbCr) or **G Gain**, **B Gain**, **R Gain**, **G Offset**, **B Offset**, and **R Offset** (for RGB).

### Logging (Version 3.0.2.20 only)

**(\*\*This feature has been discontinued in subsequent versions)** This page displays logging for the SCTE104 parameter. Polling for this element can be toggled on or off in the main element.

Note: Make sure that the XVP-3901 DVE is licensed to poll these parameters.
