---
uid: Connector_help_Miteq_LN2-177220-120
---

# Miteq LN2-177220-120

The Miteq LN2-177220-120 is a 1:2 redundant low-noise amplifier system designed to ensure continuous operation without disruption of signal transmission. A fault condition in the online LNA or an operator-generated command will switch the standby LNA to the online position and remove the online LNA from the signal path. The redundant LNA system consists of an outdoor amplifier/switch assembly that mounts at the antenna hub, a rack-mounted indoor local control unit and an interconnection control cable.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware**                                            |
|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Unknown (Manual version used was 11/19/14: REV.A Initial Release) |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Serial Main Connection

This driver uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION (via Serial Gateway):

- Interface connection:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device, e.g. *127.0.0.1*.
  - **IP port**: The IP port of the device, e.g. *4004.* Required.
  - **Bus address**: The bus address of the device, e.g. *64*. Required.

### Initialization

The driver does not require credentials, so setting it up is rather straightforward.

### Redundancy

No redundancy is defined in the driver.

### Web Interface

No web interface page is defined in the driver.

## How to Use

You can find all the information you need to monitor on the **General** data page.

On the **Control Unit** page, you can control the device, e.g. use the **Online/Standby** LNA and the **Redundancy Mode**.
