---
uid: Connector_help_MySql_Stratos_Global_CDIS
---

# MySql Stratos Global CDIS

The aim of this connector is to read a MySQL database.

## About

This connector makes MySQL requests using the **SLConnectionManager** class and **HTTP GETs**, to retrieve a report generated by the web server of the device.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description**  | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version  | No                  | Yes                     |
| 1.1.0.x          | Based on 1.0.0.x | No                  | Yes                     |

## Installation and configuration

#### Serial main connection

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device (e.g. *10.24.4.15*).
  - **IP port**: Not required.
  - **Bus address**: Not required.

## Usage

### DataMiner Provider

This page contains the **DataMiner Provider Query** table, which displays the following information for each provider: **Number of Calls**, **Number of Successful Calls**, **Call Success Ratio**, **Average Call Duration** and **Total Call Duration**.

The **DataMiner Provider Query Start Time (UTC)** and **DataMiner Provider Query End Time (UTC)** are also provided.

Finally, the **Security** page button allows you to set the **Username** and **Password**.

### DataMiner Traffic Flow Query

This page contains the **DataMiner Traffic Flow Query** table, which displays the following information for each Traffic Flow Call Direction: the **Number of Calls**, **Number of Successful Calls**, **Call Success Ratio, Average Call Duration** and **Total Call Duration**.

The **DataMiner Traffic Flow Query Start Time (UTC)** and **DataMiner Traffic Flow Query End Time (UTC)** are also provided.

### DataMiner Prov. Netw. Efficiency

This page contains the **DataMiner Prov. Netw. Efficiency Report Providers** table, which among others displays the **DataMiner Prov. Netw. Efficiency Total**, **Seizure**, **Answer** and **MCT**.

The **DataMiner Prov. Netw. Efficiency Start Time (UTC)** and **DataMiner Prov. Netw. Efficiency End Time (UTC)** are displayed below the table.

### DataMiner Svc. Netw. Efficiency

This page contains the **DataMiner Svc. Netw. Efficiency Report** table, which displays the following information for each DataMiner Svc. Netw. Efficiency Service: **DataMiner Svc. Netw. Efficiency Total**, **DataMiner Svc. Netw. Seizure**, **DataMiner Svc. Netw. Efficiency Answer**, **DataMiner Svc. Netw. Efficiency ASR**, etc.

The **DataMiner Svc. Netw. Efficiency Start Time (UTC)** and **DataMiner Svc. Netw. Efficiency End Time (UTC)** are also provided.

### DataMiner F2M Netw. Efficiency

This page displays the following parameters related to the DataMiner F2M Network Efficiency: **DataMiner F2M Netw. Efficiency** **Seizure**, **Answer**, **NetwEff**, **ASR**, **NER**, **MCT**, **Start Time (UTC)** and **End Time (UTC)**.

### Clear Cause Alarms

This page contains the **Clear Cause Alarms Query** table, which displays, among others, the following information: **Clear Cause Alarms**, **Clear Cause Number of Successful Calls**, **Successful Call Ratio**, **CUB Congestion Ratio** and **No Return Carrier ID from MES Ratio.**

Below this table, you can find the two following parameters: **Clear Cause Alarms Query Start Time (UTC)** and **Clear Cause Alarms Query End Time (UTC)**.

### Service Alarms

This page contains the **Service Alarms Query** table, which displays the following information for each service alarm: the **Svc Alarm Number of Telephony Calls**, **Successful Telephony Calls Ratio**, **Number of Low Speed Calls**, **Successful Low Speed Calls Ratio**, **Number of High Speed Calls** and **Successful High Speed Calls Ratio**.

The **Service Alarms Query Start Time (UTC)** and **Service Alarms Query End Time (UTC)** are displayed at the bottom of the page.

### Clear Cause Alerts Dashboard

This page contains the **Clear Cause Alerts** table, which displays, among others, the following information for each Clear Cause Alert ACSE: the **Clear Cause Alert Number of Successful Calls**, **Telex Problems Ratio**, **Terrestrial Congestion Ratio** and **Satellite Congestion Ratio**.

This page also contains the **Dashboard Query Start Time (UTC)** and **Dashboard Query End Time (UTC)**.

### Service Alerts Dashboard

This page contains the **Service Alerts** table, which displays, among others, the following information for each service alert: the **Svc Alert Number of Telephony Calls**, **Successful Telephony Calls Ratio**, **Successful High Speed Calls Ratio** and **Avg High Speed Call Duration**.

The **Dashboard Query Start Time (UTC)** and **Dashboard Query End Time (UTC)** are displayed at the bottom of the page.

### No CDRs Received Alerts Dashboard

On the left side of this page, the **No CDRs Received Alerts** table displays the **CDR Transfer Status** for each CDR Transfer Alert.

On the right, the **Dashboard Query Start Time (UTC)** and **Dashboard Query End Time (UTC)** are displayed.

### Web Interface

This page displays the web interface of the device. Note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.
