---
uid: Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame_-_SPG-AVA-DMUX-R
---

# Nevion Flashlink Frame - SPG-AVA-DMUX-R

This exported connector shows data from an SPG-AVA-DMUX-R module in a Nevion Flashlink frame.

## About

This is an **SNMP** connector that is automatically generated by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description**                                                           | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 2.0.3.x          | Added "card location" and "label" to description column (for all tables). | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 2.0.3.x          | 5.0.4                       |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

## Usage

### General Page

This page contains general information about a SPG-AVA-DMUX-R module, including:

- Type
- Card Status
- Chassis Number
- Slot Number
- Label
- Alarm Status
- Alarm Trap
- Alarm Count
- Main Element Name
- Active Alarms in System

### Alarms Page

This page displays the **Alarms Table**.

### Audio Page

This page displays the **Audio Block** **Table**, which contains information about all audio I/O blocks.

It also allows you to configure certain parameters, such as **Incoming** and **Outcoming Format**, **SRC**, **Peak** and **Max Level**, **Alarms**, etc.

### Audio Generator Page

This page displays the **Audio Generator** **Table**, which contains information about all audio generators.

It also allows you to configure the Audio **Level** and to view the **Audio Generators**.

### Delay Page

This page displays the **Delay** **Table**, which contains information about delay parameters.

You can also configure the **Status**, **Lines**, **Samples** and **Nanosecs** delays.

### Audio Processing - Embedder Page

This page displays the **Audio Proc** **Table**, which contains information about the audio processing capabilities of each card. You can configure the **Mode** and view the **Audio Proc**, **Inputs** and **Outputs**.

This page also displays the **Embedder Table**, which lists all embedders for those modules that have them. You can configure the **Status**, **Word Length**, and **Alarms**, as well as enable or disable the Embedder.

### GPIO Page

This page displays the **General Purpose Input Output Table**, which contains information regarding I/O blocks.

It also allows you to configure the **Mode**, **Status**, **Description** and **Alarms**.

### Optical Input Page

This page displays the **Optical Input** table, which contains information about optical input parameters.

It also allows you to view the **Opt Input**, **Input Status** and **Signal Strength**, as well as to configure the **Opt Input Alarms**.

### Voltage Page

This page displays the **Voltage Table**, which contains information about voltage measurements.

It also allows you to configure the **Upper** and **Lower Limit** and **Alarms**, as well as to view the **Nominal** effect and the **Value** in Volts and Watts.

### Signal Input Page

This page displays the **EQ Table**, which contains information about EQ parameters.

It also allows you to view the **Num** and **Status**, as well as to configure **Config** and **Alarms**.

### Signal Integrity Page

This page displays the **Monitor** **Table**, which contains information about monitor parameters.

It also allows you to configure **Monitor Alarm**, **Error Count**, **Error Delta** and **Error Free Alarm**, **FF-CRC**, **AP-CRC**, **LOCK**, **ANCS**, etc.
