---
uid: Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame_-_HD-OE
---

# Nevion Flashlink Frame - HD-OE

This exported connector shows data from an HD-OE module in a Nevion Flashlink frame.

## About

This is an **SNMP** connector that is automatically generated by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description**                                  | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|--------------------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Basic range                                      | No                  | Yes                     |
| 2.0.0.x          | Tree controls added to monitor parameters        | No                  | Yes                     |
| 2.0.1.x          | Audio Block status fix (ONLY for firmware 2.0.4) | No                  | Yes                     |
| 2.0.2.x          | Changed naming structure                         | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 2.0.1.x          | 5.0.4                       |
| 2.0.2.x          | 5.0.4                       |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

## Usage

## General Page

This page contains general information about an HD-OE module, including:

- Type
- Card Status
- Chassis Number
- Slot Number
- Label
- Alarm Status
- Alarm Trap
- Alarm Count
- Main Element Name
- Active Alarms in System

### Voltage

This page displays the **Voltage Table**, which contains information about voltage measurements.

It also allows you to configure the **Upper** and **Lower Limit** and **Alarms**, as well as to view the **Nominal** effect and the **Value** in Volts and Watts.

### Temperature

This page displays the **Temperature Table**, which contains information about temperature measurements.

It also allows you to configure the **Nominal** value, **Upper** and **Lower Limit** and **Alarms**, as well as to view the actual temperature **Value**.

### Signal Input Page

This page displays the **EQ Table**, which contains information about EQ parameters.

It also allows you to view the **Num** and **Status**, as well as to configure **Config** and **Alarms**.

### Optical Input Page

This page displays the **Optical Input** table, which contains information about optical input parameters.

It also allows you to view the **Opt Input**, **Input Status** and **Signal Strength**, as well as to configure the **Opt Input Alarms**.

### Laser Page

This page displays the **Laser Table**, which contains information about laser parameters.

It also allows you to view the Laser **Num**, **Wavelength**, **Power** and **Type**, as well as to configure the **Config**, **Status** and **Alarms**.

### Reclocker Page

This page displays the **Reclocker Table**, which contains information about reclocker parameters.

It also allows you to view the Reclocker **Num**, **Status** and **Bit Rate**, as well as to configure **Config**, **ASI**, **Bandwidth** and **Alarms**.

### Cable Driver Page

This page displays the **Cable Driver Table**, which contains information about cable driver parameters.

It also allows you to configure the **Config** and **Slew Rate**.

### Monitor Page

This page displays the **Monitor Table**, which contains information about monitor parameters.

### Delay Page

This page displays the **Delay Table**, which contains information about delay parameters.

It also allows you to configure the **Status**, **Lines**, **Samples** and **Nanosecs** delays.

### Audio Page

This page displays the **Audio Block** **Table**, which contains information about all audio I/O blocks.

It also allows you to configure certain parameters, such as **Incoming** and **Outcoming Format**, **SRC**, **Peak** and **Max Level**, **Alarms**, etc.

### GPIO Page

This page displays the **General Purpose Input Output Table**, which contains information regarding I/O blocks.

It also allows you to configure the **Mode**, **Status**, **Description** and **Alarms**.

### Video Page

This page displays the **Video Table**, which contains information about video parameters.
