---
uid: Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame_-_SDI-TD-DMUX-4
---

# Nevion Flashlink Frame - SDI-TD-DMUX-4

This exported connector shows data from an SDI-TD-DMUX4 module in a Nevion Flashlink frame.

## About

This is an **SNMP** connector that is automatically generated by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description**                                   | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|---------------------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Basic range.                                      | No                  | Yes                     |
| 2.0.0.x          | Tree controls added to monitor parameters.        | No                  | Yes                     |
| 2.0.1.x          | Audio Block status fix (ONLY for Firmware 2.0.4). | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 2.0.1.x          | 5.0.4                       |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

## Usage

### General Page

This page contains general information about an SDI-TD-DMUX4 module, including:

- Type
- Card Status
- Chassis Number
- Slot Number
- Label
- Alarm Status
- Alarm Trap
- Alarm Count
- Main Element Name
- Active Alarms in System

### Voltage Page

This page displays the **Voltage Table**, which contains information about voltage measurements.

It also allows you to configure the **Upper** and **Lower Limit** and **Alarms**, as well as to view the **Nominal** effect and the **Value** in Volts and Watts.

### Reclocker Page

This page displays the **Reclocker Table**, which contains information about reclocker parameters.

It also allows you to view the Reclocker **Num**, **Status** and **Bit Rate**, as well as to configure **Config**, **ASI**, **Bandwidth** and **Alarms**.

### Optical Input Page

This page displays the **Optical Input** table, which contains information about optical input parameters.

It also allows you to view the **Opt Input**, **Input Status** and **Signal Strength**, as well as to configure the **Opt Input Alarms**.

### Signal Integrity Page

This page displays the **Monitor** **Table**, which contains information about monitor parameters.

It also allows you to configure **Monitor Alarm**, **Error Count**, **Error Delta** and **Error Free Alarm**, **FF-CRC**, **AP-CRC**, **LOCK**, **ANCS**, etc.

### Signal Input Page

This page displays the **EQ Table**, which contains information about EQ parameters.

It also allows you to view the **Num** and **Status**, as well as to configure **Config** and **Alarms**.
