---
uid: Connector_help_Nevion_Ventura_VS103_-_VS906
---

# Nevion Ventura VS103 - VS906

This exported connector shows data from a **VS906** card in a **Nevion Ventura VS103** chassis.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Nevion Ventura VS103**, ranges 1.0.1.x (as Nevion Ventura VS906), 2.0.0.x (as Nevion Ventura VS906), 2.0.1.x. and 2.0.2.x.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.1.x          | Undetermined                |
| 2.0.0.x          | Undetermined                |
| 2.0.1.x          | Undetermined                |
| 2.0.2.x          | Undetermined                |

## Installation and configuration

A DVE using this protocol is **automatically created** by an element using the **Nevion Ventura VS103** connector that polls a device with a **VS906** module inserted.

## Usage

### General

This page displays general information regarding the Nevion Ventura VS103:

- Chassis Device Temperature
- Chassis Alarm Status
- Card Serial Number
- Card Description
- Card Alarm Status
- Card Type
- Card Software Version
- Card Configuration String
- Card Destination OID

### Card Configuration

This page displays two tables, the **Main Configuration** and **Main Audio Configuration** table.

It also contains page buttons linking to the **Input** and **Output Configuration** pages. These subpages display a set of tables with the **Input** and **Output Configuration**, **Input** and **Output Video Configuration**, **Input** and **Output Audio Configuration** and **Input** and **Output Flow Configuration**.

### Input and Output Status Pages

These pages contain the filtered tables for the input and output statuses, respectively. Depending on the card type, empty columns may have a width of zero so that they are not displayed.

### Card Alarms

This page shows the **Card Alarms** for this card.

### Card History

This page displays the history of cards for the slot of the DVE.

### Interfaces

This page displays the interfaces from the SNMP ifTable that apply to this card.

### Webpage

This page displays the audio level meters page for the corresponding slot.
