---
uid: Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame_-_QUAD-CHO-2X1-PB
---

# Nevion Flashlink Frame - QUAD-CHO-2X1-PB

This exported connector shows data from a QUAD-CHO-2X1-PB module in a Nevion Flashlink frame.

## About

This is an **SNMP** connector that is automatically generated by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 2.0.3.x          | Basic range.    | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 2.0.3.x          | 5.0.4                       |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

## Usage

### General Page

This page contains general information about a QUAD-CHO-2X1-PB module, including:

- Type
- Card Status
- Chassis Number
- Slot Number
- Label
- Alarm Status
- Alarm Trap
- Alarm Count
- Main Element Name
- Active Alarms in System

### Alarms Page

This page displays the **Alarms** table, which contains all the alarms associated with the card.

### Cable Driver Page

This page displays the **Cable Driver** **Table**, which contains information about cable parameters.

It also allows you to configure the **Config** and **Slew Rate**.

### Changeover Page

This page displays the **Changeover** **Table**, which contains information about cho1BlockTable parameters.

It also allows you to configure the **Mode**, **Current Input**, **Main**, **Backups, Rule**, **Latch**, **Hold** and **Lock Time** and **Alarms**.

### GPIO Page

This page displays the **General Purpose Input Output Table**, which contains information regarding I/O blocks.

It also allows you to configure the **Mode**, **Status**, **Description** and **Alarms**.

### Reclocker Page

This page displays the **Reclocker Table**, which contains information about reclocker parameters.

It also allows you to view the Reclocker **Num**, **Status** and **Bit Rate**, as well as to configure **Config**, **ASI**, **Bandwidth** and **Alarms**.

### Temperature Page

This page displays the **Temperature Table**, which contains information about temperature measurements.

It also allows you to configure the **Nominal** value, **Upper** and **Lower Limit** and **Alarms**, as well as to view the actual temperature **Value**.

### Voltage Page

This page displays the **Voltage Table**, which contains information about voltage measurements.

It also allows you to configure the **Upper** and **Lower Limit** and **Alarms**, as well as to view the **Nominal** effect and the **Value** in Volts and Watts.
