---
uid: Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame_-_3GHD-OE-SFP
---

# Nevion Flashlink Frame - 3GHD-OE-SFP

This exported connector shows data from a 3GHD-OE-SFP module in a Nevion Flashlink frame.

## About

This is an **SNMP** connector that is automatically generated by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description**                                  | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|--------------------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Basic range                                      | No                  | Yes                     |
| 2.0.0.x          | Tree controls added to monitor parameters        | No                  | Yes                     |
| 2.0.1.x          | Audio Block status fix (ONLY for firmware 2.0.4) | No                  | Yes                     |
| 2.0.2.x          | Changed naming structure                         | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 2.0.1.x          | 5.0.4                       |
| 2.0.2.x          | 5.0.4                       |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

## Usage

### General Page

This page contains general information about a 3GHD-OE-SFP module, including:

- **Type:** The module type.
- **Card Status:** The current status of this card.
- **Chassis Number:** The chassis number.
- **Slot Number:** The slot number.
- **Label:** The name given to this module at configuration time.
- **Alarm Status:** The status of the alarm handler.
- **Alarm Trap:** Defines whether traps are sent when the card fails or when it is removed.
- **Alarm Count:** The number of active or not acked alarms for this module.
- **Main Element Name:** The main element name.

### Optical Input Page

This page displays the **Optical Input** table, which contains information about optical input parameters.

It also allows you to view the **Opt Input**, **Input Status** and **Signal Strength**, as well as to configure the **Opt Input Alarms**.

### Reclocker Page

This page displays the **Reclocker Table**, which contains information about reclocker parameters.

It also allows you to view the Reclocker **Num**, **Status** and **Bit Rate**, as well as to configure **Config**, **ASI**, **Bandwidth** and **Alarms**.

### Temperature Page

This page displays the **Temperature Table**, which contains information about temperature measurements.

It also allows you to configure the **Nominal** value, **Upper** and **Lower Limit** and **Alarms**, as well as to view the actual temperature **Value**.

### Voltage Page

This page displays the **Voltage Table**, which contains information about voltage measurements.

It also allows you to configure the **Upper** and **Lower Limit** and **Alarms**, as well as to view the **Nominal** effect and the **Value** in Volts and Watts.
