---
uid: Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame_-_3G-IP-MUX-8-SFP
---

# Nevion Flashlink Frame - 3G-IP-MUX-8-SFP

This exported connector shows data from an 3G-IP-MUX-8-SFP module in a Nevion Flashlink frame.

This is an **SNMP** connector that is automatically generated by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

## About

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description**                                                           | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 2.0.3.x   | Added "card location" and "label" to description column (for all tables). | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 2.0.3.x   | 5.0.4                  |

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

## Usage

### General Page

This page contains general information about a 3G-IP-MUX-8-SFP module, including:

- Type
- Card Status
- Chassis Number
- Slot Number
- Label
- Alarm Status
- Alarm Trap
- Alarm Count
- Main Element Name
- Active Alarms in System

### Alarms Page

This page displays the **Alarms Table**.

### Audio Page

This page displays the **Audio Block** **Table**, which contains information about all audio I/O blocks.

It also allows you to configure certain parameters, such as **Incoming** and **Outcoming Format**, **SRC**, **Peak** and **Max Level**, **Alarms**, etc.

### Delay Page

This page displays the **Delay** **Table**, which contains information about delay parameters.

You can also configure the **Status**, **Lines**, **Samples**, and **Nanosecs** delays.

### GPIO Page

This page displays the **General Purpose Input Output Table**, which contains information regarding I/O blocks.

It also allows you to configure the **Mode**, **Status**, **Description**, and **Alarms**.

### Laser Page

This page displays the **Laser Table**, which contains information about laser parameters.

It also allows you to view the Laser **Num**, **Wavelength**, **Power**, and **Type**, as well as to configure the **Config**, **Status** and **Alarms**.

### Optical Input Page

This page displays the **Optical Input** table, which contains information about optical input parameters.

It also allows you to view the **Opt Input**, **Input Status**, and **Signal Strength**, as well as to configure the **Opt Input Alarms**.

### Sync Source

This page displays the **Sync Source Table**, which lists all sync source inputs.

It also allows you to view the **Sync Src**, **Type**, **Lines**, **Frame Rate**, and **Structure**, **Sample Rate** and **Word Length**, as well as to configure **Alarms**.

### Signal Integrity Page

This page displays the **Monitor** **Table**, which contains information about monitor parameters.

It also allows you to configure **Monitor Alarm**, **Error Count**, **Error Delta** and **Error Free Alarm**, **FF-CRC**, **AP-CRC**, **LOCK**, **ANCS**, etc.

### Temperature

This page displays the **Temperature Table**, which contains information about temperature measurements.

It also allows you to configure the **Nominal** value, **Upper** and **Lower Limit** and **Alarms**, as well as to view the actual temperature **Value**.

### Video Generator

This page displays the **Video Generator** **Table**, which lists all video generators.

It also allows you to configure the **Pattern**, **Y**, **Cb** and **Cr**.

### Voltage Page

This page displays the **Voltage Table**, which contains information about voltage measurements.

It also allows you to configure the **Upper** and **Lower Limit** and **Alarms**, as well as to view the **Nominal** effect and the **Value** in Volts and Watts.
