---
uid: Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame_-_AAV-HD-XMUX
---

# Nevion Flashlink Frame - AAV-HD-XMUX

This exported connector shows data from an AAV-HD-XMUX module in a Nevion Flashlink frame.

## About

This is an **SNMP** connector that is automatically generated by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description**                                  | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|--------------------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Basic range                                      | No                  | Yes                     |
| 2.0.0.x          | Tree controls added to monitor parameters        | No                  | Yes                     |
| 2.0.1.x          | Audio Block status fix (ONLY for firmware 2.0.4) | No                  | Yes                     |
| 2.0.2.x          | Changed naming structure                         | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 2.0.1.x          | 5.0.4                       |
| 2.0.2.x          | 5.0.4                       |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the parent connector [Nevion Flashlink Frame](xref:Connector_help_Nevion_Flashlink_Frame).

## Usage

### General Page

This page contains general information about an SDI-OE-S module, including:

- Type
- Card Status
- Chassis Number
- Slot Number
- Label
- Alarm Status
- Alarm Trap
- Alarm Count
- Main Element Name
- Active Alarms in System

### Audio

This page displays the **Audio Block Table**, which contains information about all audio I/O blocks.

It also allows you to configure some parameters, such as **Incoming** and **Outcoming Format**, **SRC**, **Peak** and **Max Level**, **Alarms**, etc.

### Audio Generator

This page displays the **Audio Generator Table**, which contains information about audio generators.

### Audio Processing - Embedder

This page displays the **Audio Proc Table**, which contains information about the audio processing capabilities of each card. The table allows you to configure the **Mode** and view the **Audio Proc**, **Inputs** and **Outputs**.

This page also displays the **Embedder Table**, which lists all embedders for those modules that have them. This table allows you to configure the **Status**, **Word Length** and **Alarms**, as well as to **enable or disable** the embedder.

### Delay

This page displays the **Delay Table**, which contains information about delay parameters.

It also allows you to configure the **Status**, **Lines**, **Samples** and **Nanosecs** delays.

### Changeover

This page displays the **Changeover** **Table**, which contains information about cho1BlockTable parameters.

It also allows you to configure the **Mode**, **Current Input**, **Main**, **Backups**, **Rule**, **Latch**, **Hold** and **Lock Time** and **Alarms**.

### GPIO

This page displays the **General Purpose Input Output Table**, which contains information regarding I/O blocks.

It also allows you to configure the **Mode**, **Status**, **Description** and **Alarms**.

### Cable Driver

This page displays the **Cable Driver** **Table**, which contains information about cable driver parameters.

It also allows you to configure the **Config** and **Slew Rate**.

### Signal Integrity

This page displays the **Monitor Table**, which contains information about monitor parameters.

It also allows you to configure **Monitor Alarm**, **Error Count**, **Error Delta** and **Error Free Alarm**, **FF-CRC**, **AP-CRC**, **LOCK**, **ANCS**, etc.

### Serial Port

This page displays the **Serial Port Table**, which contains all serial port functions, such as **Mode**, **Status**, **Parity**, **Stopbits**, **Speed**, etc.

### Laser

This page displays the **Laser Table**, which contains information about laser parameters.

### Voltage

This page displays the **Voltage Table**, which contains information about voltage measurements.

It also allows you to configure the **Upper** and **Lower Limit** and **Alarms**, as well as to view the **Nominal** effect and the **Value** in volt and watt.

### Video Generator

This page displays the **Video Generator** **Table**, which lists all video generators.

It also allows you to configure the **Pattern**, **Y**, **Cb** and **Cr**.

### XMUX Matrix

This page displays the **XMUX Matrix** **Table**, which represents the matrix shown on the web interface of the AV-SD-XMUX or AVV-SD-XMUX device.

It also allows you to configure the **Input** and **Crosspoint Lock**.
