---
uid: Connector_help_Newtec_Dialog_Time_Series_Database_-_Network
---

# Newtec Dialog Time Series Database - Network

This protocol represents a **network** object in the Newtec Dialog Platform.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by the **Newtec Dialog Time Series Database** connector. It is designed to retrieve information related to the network forward link.

In the main Newtec dialog element, you can indicate whether a DVE should be created. When DVE creation is enabled, an element with the Newtec Dialog Time Series Database - Network protocol will be created for each row in the **Network TSDB** table of the main element.

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Description**               | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|----------------------|-------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.1.x \[SLC Main\] | DVE structure changed. | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware**                                       |
|------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.0.1.x          | Compatible with all Newtec Dialog versions of parent connector. |

## Configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## How to use

The element has the following data pages:

- **General**: Displays information related to the network beams.
- **Forward Pools**: Contains a table with all forward pools associated with the forward link.
- **Forward Statistics**: Contains a table with the network statistics of the forward link.
- **CPM/HRC Return Capacity Groups**: These pages contain tables with the Return Capacity Groups (RCG) of the return link, and the return pools associated with each RCG.
- **Return Statistics**: Displays network statistics of the return link.
