---
uid: Connector_help_Newtec_Dialog_Time_Series_Database_-_Network_Return
---

# Newtec Dialog Time Series Database - Network Return

This protocol represents a **network** object in the Newtec Dialog Platform.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by the **Newtec Dialog Time Series Database** connector. It is designed to retrieve information related to the network return link.

In the main Newtec dialog element, you can indicate whether a DVE should be created. When DVE creation is enabled, an element with the *Newtec Dialog Time Series Database - Network Return* protocol will be created for each row in the **Network Return TSDB** table of the main element.

For each return technology (HRC, CPM), the return link is divided into one or more return capacity groups.

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware**                                      |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Compatible with all Newtec Dialog versions of parent connector |

## Installation and Configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General page

This page displays information related to the return link.

### CPM Return Capacity Groups

This page displays the Return Capacity Groups (RCG) of the return link in a table. It also dsiplays in a table return pools associated with each RCG.

### HRC Return Capacity Groups

This page displays the Return Capacity Groups (RCG) of the return link in a table. It also dsiplays in a table return pools associated with each RCG.

### Return Statistics

This page displays network statistics of the return link.
