---
uid: Connector_help_Newtec_Dialog_Time_Series_Database_-_Remotes
---

# Newtec Dialog Time Series Database - Remotes

This protocol represents a **terminal** object in the Newtec Dialog Platform.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by the **Newtec Dialog Time Series Database** connector. It is designed to retrieve information related to terminals / modems.

In the main Newtec dialog element, you can indicate whether a DVE should be created. When DVE creation is enabled, an element with the *Newtec Dialog Time Series Database - Remotes* protocol will be created for each row in the **Remotes** **TSDB** table of the main element.

### Product Info

| **Range**     | **Supported Firmware**                                      |
|----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[Obsolete\] | Compatible with all Newtec Dialog versions of parent connector |
| 1.0.1.x \[Main\]     | Compatible with all Newtec Dialog versions of parent connector |

## Installation and Configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General page

This page displays general information of the terminal.

### Beams page

The page displays the current beam a terminal is connected to. It also lists all the beams a terminal with a dynamic profile can connect to.

### Mobility page

This page displays geographic coordinates of a terminal that moves during operation. It includes information such as latitude, longitude, elevation etc.

### Modem CPM page

This page displays information related to CPM return technology.

### Modem HRC page

This page displays information related to HRC return technology.

### Modem S2 page

This page displays information related to S2 return technology.

### QOS Forward page

This page displays QoS information.

### QOS Return page

This page displays QoS information.

### Return Multicast Circuit page

This page displays information related to multicast traffic.
