---
uid: Connector_help_Red_Bee_Media_UK_Stargate
---

# Red Bee Media UK Stargate

This connector can be used to communicate with an HTTP API and gather information about the alarms and synchronization status of various devices. It is capable of both reading incoming data from the API and sending data based on user input (in the form of an alarm acknowledgement).

## About

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|-----------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 1.0.9                  |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### HTTP Main Connection

This connector uses an HTTP connection and requires the following input during element creation:

HTTP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP or URL of the destination.
- **IP port**: The IP port of the destination. By default, this will be *8889.*
- **Bus address**: If the proxy server has to be bypassed, specify *bypassproxy.*

### Initialization

No extra configuration is needed.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

## Usage

The element created with this connector consists of the data pages detailed below.

### General

This page displays information about the Stargate Alarm State to provide a useful at-a-glance overview of the alarms being generated by the HTTP API. The page contains a table that organizes data gathered from the API, such as an identification of which device generated an alarm or the alarm's current status. Information in this table is sorted in descending order, based on UTC timestamps of when changes are detected regarding a particular alarm. The table also contains a column of buttons that allow you to change an alarm status to *Acknowledged* when applicable.

### Sync State

This page displays information about the Stargate Sync State based on data gathered from the HTTP API. The page consists of a table that displays the list of Group ID entries returned by the API along with their current synchronization status. This table is also sorted in descending order, based on the UTC timestamp of the synchronization state change.

### On Air State

On this page, you can submit custom JSON input to the API and view the response as confirmation. The response will be either a code **200** signifying success or a **400** signifying a bad request.
