---
uid: Connector_help_RedRat_irNetBox_-_Output
---

# RedRat irNetBox - Output

The **RedRat irNetBox - Output** allows you to **control an AV device** via an external **IR** emitter lead.

## About

The **RedRat irNetBox protocol** uses a simple TCP/IP connection to transmit **serial commands**.

The purpose of this connector is to allow the user to import several **devices** and **definitions** from an **XML** file and then manually select which device is connected to the **output**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **RedRat irNetBox**.

### Version Info

| Range | Description | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant |
|----------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x              | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |
| 1.0.1.x \[SLC_Main\] | DCF integration | Yes                 | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Device Firmware Version**                                                                     |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | MKIII 2.1.2 'Saulire' (c) RedRat Ltd 2013, USB-IF 1.01- irNetBox Network Control Protocol V3.03 |
| 1.0.1.x          | MKIII 2.1.2 'Saulire' (c) RedRat Ltd 2013, USB-IF 1.01- irNetBox Network Control Protocol V3.03 |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

On this page, you can **select which device is connected** via a drop-down menu that contains all custom device names. When you select a device, the **command drop-down menu is automatically updated** with all the commands for the specific device. When you **select a command** from the drop-down menu, that command is **directly sent to the irNetBox**.

You can also **select the corresponding Device Channel List** via a drop-down menu that contains all device list names. When you select a channel list, the **channel drop-down menu is automatically updated** with all the channels for the specific list. When you **click the Send button**, the protocol will **send the channel number** from the selected channel **to the IR output of the irNetBox** with the correct commands for the device that is connected to the output. If you press a button for an output for which no device is selected, you will be notified with a message.

## DataMiner Connectivity Framework

The **1.0.1.x** connector range of the **RedRat irNetBox - Output** protocol supports the usage of DCF and can only be used on a DMA with **8.5.4** as the minimum version.

Note that DCF can also be implemented through the DataMiner DCF user interface and through DataMiner third-party connectors (for instance a manager).

Connectivity for this protocol is managed by the parent protocol **RedRat irNetBox**.
