---
uid: Connector_help_Rohde_Schwarz_THU9_-_Transmitter
---

# Rohde Schwarz THU9 - Transmitter

The **Rohde Schwarz THU9 - Transmitter** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

An **SNMP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information from and on the device. There are also different possibilities for **alarm monitoring** and **trending** .

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Rohde Schwarz THU9**.

The following pages are available in the connector:

- **General:** Contains general information about the most important parameters and different modes.

- **Transmitter Information**: Contains detailed information about the transmitter and the available exciters. When only one exciter is available, only the left exciter (ExA) will be filled in. When both exciters are available, both exciters will be filled in (ExA and ExB).

- **Amplifiers**: Subpage displaying the state of the amplifiers.

- **Status**: Displays the state of the available parameters. When only one exciter is available, some parameters (ExB parameters) will not be filled in.

### Product Info

| **Connector Version** | **Device Firmware Version** |
|--------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | tce900-103250               |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information about the transmitter.

Here you can set the **Amplifier Mode** and **Operation Mode**, and set the transmitter's **Forward Power Threshold**.

### Transmitter Information

This page contains detailed information about the transmitter and the available exciters. When only one exciter is available, only the **left** **Exciter (ExA)** will be filled in. When both exciters are available, **both exciters** will be filled in (**ExA** and **ExB**).

On this page, the **Transmitter Power**, **Active Input** and **Preferred Input** can be set.

### Status

This page displays the state of the available parameters. When only one exciter is available, some parameters (ExB parameters) will not be filled in.
