---
uid: Connector_help_Rohde_Schwarz_SLx8000_N+1_DAB+_-_Transmitter
---

# Rohde Schwarz SLx8000 N+1 DAB+ - Transmitter

The **Rohde Schwarz SLx800 N+1 DAB+ - Transmitter** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

An **SNMP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information from and on the device.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Rohde Schwarz SLx8000 N+1 DAB+**.

### Product Info

| **Connector Version** | **Device Firmware Version** |
|--------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.1            | 1.47.0                      |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### Transmitter

This page displays information regarding the transmitter, such as the **Transmitter Name**, **Connection State**, **Summary Fault** and **Warning**.

There is also one page button:

- **Transmitter Events**: Opens a pop-up window with the **Transmitter Events Table**, which lists the following information for every event: **Name**, **Mask** and **Priority**.

### Program

This page displays the **Program Table**. This table contains important values for programs. It also allows you to activate or deactivate individual programs.

### Exciter

This page provides information on each of the exciters. The available parameters can be used to evaluate the status of each individual exciter. This page also contains three page buttons:

- **Exciter Input**: This button displays a pop-up page that provides **input** information, such as **Channel Name**, **Sync State**, **Seamless** and **Preselected**.
- **Exciter Service Information**: This button displays a pop-up page that provides **service** information, such as **Short Label**, **Start Address**, **Protection Level** and **Uncoded Data Rate**.
- **Exciter Precorrection**: This button displays a pop-up page that provides **precorrection** information, such as **Linear Correction**, **User State**, **Factory State** and **Restore Current Settings**.
