---
uid: Connector_help_Ross_Video_General_Frame_-_Cobalt_Digital_9922
---

# Ross Video General Frame - Cobalt Digital 9922

This is an exported connector that displays information regarding the 9922-2FS card. It is automatically generated by the parent connector [Ross Video General Frame](xref:Connector_help_Ross_Video_General_Frame), range 1.0.0.x.

SNMP polling is used to retrieve the device information.

Note that the layout of this connector is similar to that of the web interface.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | \-                     |

## Configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### Card Info

This page displays the general parameters for card 9922: Product, Manufacturer, Software, Hardware, Firmware, etc.

### Status

This page displays the general status parameters for card 9922, including the **status of all** **inputs** **and** **GPIs**, as well as the Temperature, Input Voltage, Power, etc.

### Admin

On this page, you can find the global card operating status. You can also configure the card communication **IP** address.

### Alarm

This page displays alarms that are related to Loss of Signal, Frozen Video, Path 1 Audio, Black Video, and Loss of Reference. It also displays the **Alarm History**, which has a maximum of 8 entries.

### COM Setup

This page allows you to configure the COM, including **Mode** and **Routing**.

### Event Setup

On this page, you can view the **Event Setup History**, configure the **Event Timer**, check the event status in the **Event Status table**, and configure an event with the **Event Setup Mixed** table.

### User Log

This page displays **User Log Details** with the **time** of the log, the **event**, and the **type** of the log. You can clear the log using the **Clear User Log** button.

### Input Video

This page displays the status of the input video for **path 1** and **path 2**, including the SDI status. You can also configure the **Input Source** of path 1 and 2.

### Output Video

On this page, you can configure the **SDI Out** and the **Analog Video** settings for the card.

### Framesync - Path 1 & Framesync Path 2

These two pages allow you to configure several settings for the frame sync for path 1 and path 2, including Lock Mode, Output Mode, Test Pattern, etc.

You can also configure the Lock Status, Vertical Lines, and Horizontal Us settings.

### Audio Delay

In the tables on this page, you can configure theaudio delay of each channel for path 1 and path 2.

### Dolby E Alignment

On this page, you can configure settings for the Dolby E alignment for path 1 and path 2.

### Input Bus Path

On this page, you can configure the input bus for each channel of path 1 and path 2.

### Input Flex

On this page, you can configure the input flexfor each channel of path 1 and path 2.

### Input Audio Status - Path 1 / Input Audio Status - Path 2

On these two pages, you can view the **Emb** status of the input audio, as well as configure **AES** and **Analog** settings for both path 1 and path 2.

### Embedded Output

This page is used for configuring the embedded output for both path 1 and path 2. You can enable the groups and configure embedded output for each channel of both paths.

### Downmixer

This page provides different settings for the downmixer of path 1 and path 2, including different **Channel** **Inputs** and the **Mix Ratio**.

### Output Flex Mix

This page allows you to select the audio source for each **flex** audio output channel. It also provides **Gain**, **Phase Invert**, and **Muting** controls and **Peak Level Meters** for each output channel.

### AES Output

This page allows you to select the audio source for each **AES** audio output channel. It also provides **Gain**, **Phase Invert,** and **Muting** controls and **Peak Level Meters** for each output channel.

### Analog Output

This page allows you to select the audio source for each **analog** audio output channel. It also provides **Gain**, **Phase Invert**, and **Muting** controls and **Peak Level Meters** for each output channel.

### Output Video

This page contains the configuration for the **Output Routing SDI Out** (1 to 4).

### Video Proc

On these pages, you can configure the following video proc settings for path 1 and 2, respectively: Luma Gain, Luma Lift, Color Gain, Color Phase, Gang Luma/Color Gain, and other Color Correction controls.

### Ident 1 - Path 1 / Ident 2 - Path 1

These pages allow you to configure up to two **ident text strings** on **output video** for path 1.

### Ident 1 - Path 2 / Ident 2 - Path 2

These pages allow you to configure up to two **ident text strings** on **output video** for path 2.

### Timecode Burn - Path 1 / Timecode Burn - Path 2

These pages provide controls that allow you to configure a **time code** **burn** on **output video** for path 1 and 2, respectively.

### Timecode - Path 1 / Timecode - Path 2

These pages provide controls that allow you to configure time code settings for path 1 and path 2.

### Reticules - Path 1 / Reticules - Path 2

These pages allow you to add **Safe Action** and **Safe Title** overlays and other static markers to the output video image for path 1 and path 2, respectively.

### Presets

On this page, you can configure different **preset layers**, **load** the specific preset for the card, and **create** and **remove** the preset for the card.

### Reticules Advanced - Path 1 / Reticules Advanced - Path 2

These pages contain **insertion** and **sizing** controls for custom graticules and other markers. They also allow **NTSC** legacy 4:3 master reticule sizing for path 1 and 2, respectively.

### Timecode - Path 1 / Timecode - Path 2

These pages provide time code data extraction from various sources and contain formatting and re-insertion controls for the insertion of the time code into the **output video** for path 1 and 2, respectively.

### Closed Captioning

This page contains settings for the closed captioning for path 1 and path 2, respectively.

### Moving Box

This page allows you to configure a **moving box** graphic overlay on the **output video**. Moving-box insertion can serve as a dynamic raster confidence check even in cases where the input video image is static or lost.

### Wings

This page contains settings for the wings of the card for path 1 and path 2, respectively. This includes enabling or disabling the wings, configuring the **Width Pixels** and the **Source**, etc.

### GPO Setup

On this page, you can set up the GPO for path 1 and path 2.

### Ancillary Data Processing Path 1 & Ancillary Data Processing Path 2

This page shows the status of the ancillary data processing. You can also configure the data processing for each ADP Proc of path 1 and 2, includingSetup Mode, Setup Did, Setup SDid, etc.

### YC Alignment

This page contains settings for YC Alignment of path 1 and path 2
