---
uid: Connector_help_Ross_Video_General_Frame_-_Cobalt_Digital_9902-UDX
---

# Ross Video General Frame - Cobalt Digital 9902-UDX

The Cobalt Digital 9902-UDX connector is an exported connector that displays information regarding the card 9902-UDX.

## About

**SNMP** polling is used to retrieve the device information.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector [Ross Video General Frame](xref:Connector_help_Ross_Video_General_Frame), range 1.0.0.x.

Note that the layout of this connector is similar to that of the web interface.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Unknown                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### Card 9902-UDX Info

This page displays the general parameters for card 9902-UDX: **Product**, **Manufacturer**, **Software**, **Hardware**, **Firmware** etc.

### Status

This page displays the general status parameters for card 9902-UDX. It includes the status of all **Inputs** and **GPIs**, as well as the **Temperature**, **Input Voltage**, **Power**, etc.

### Admin

On this page, you can find the global card operating status, as well as set the card communication **IP** address.

### Input Video

On this page, you can select an SDI or failover mode for the **input video source**. The page also displays the status and raster format of received **SDI** **video**.

### Output Video

On this page, for each of the four **video output** coaxial connectors, you can select the **SD-SDI** or **CVBS** output mode. The page also provides **CVBS** parameter controls and test pattern output controls

### Scaler

This page provides up-, down- and cross-converter controls, **aspect ratio** controls, and user **HPan** and **VPan** controls.

### Framesync

This page provides **video frame sync**, **delay** offset and **output** controls, as well as failover selection controls for in case of **loss** of video.

### Input Audio Routing/Controls

On this page, you can configure the **delay offset** **controls** individually or in bulk, and view a graphic representation of the bulk audio delay. It also contains a page button that leads to a subpage where the **Dolby E Alignment** can be configured.

### Input Bus

This page provides **audio routing**, **gain**, per-channel or bulk audio **delay controls** and **audio meters**. These controls route selected audio sources onto the card's 16-channel internal bus.

### Input Flex

This page contains the **Input Flex Table**, which allows you to configure the **Mix Source**, **Mix Mute**, **Mix Gain** and **Mix Flex Bus**.

### Output Audio Routing/Controls

This page provides an audio crosspoint allowing the audio source selection for each embedded audio output channel. Also provides **Gain**, **Phase Invert**, and **Muting** controls and **Peak Level Meters** for each output channel.

### Output Flex Mix

This page contains the **Output Flex Mix Table**, which allows you to configure the **Source**, **Mute**, **Gain**, and **Flex Bus**.

### AES Output

This page provides an audio crosspoint, allowing you to select the audio source for each **AES** audio output channel. It also provides **Gain**, **Phase** **Invert** and **Muting** controls and **Peak Level Meters** for each output channel.

### Analog Output

This page provides an audio crosspoint, allowing you to select the audio source for each **Analog** audio output channel. It also provides **Gain**, **Phase** **Invert** and **Muting** controls and **Peak Level Meters** for each output channel.

### Video Proc

On this page, you can configure the following **Video Proc** settings: **Luma** **Gain**, **Luma** **Lift**, **Color** **Gain**, **Color** **Phase**, **Gang** **Luma/Color** **Gain**, and other **Color Correction** controls.

### AFD

This page displays the **AFD Input** and **Output Status**, including some settings such as **Input Mapping** and **Line Fields**.

### Ident 1 / Ident 2

These pages allow you to configure up to two **ident text strings** on **output video**.

### Timecode Burn

This page provides controls that allow you to configure a **time code** on **output video**.

### Reticules

This page allows you to add **Safe Action** and **Safe Title** overlays and other static markers to the output video image

### Reticules Advanced

This page contains **insertion** and **sizing** controls for custom graticules and other markers. It also allows **NTSC** legacy 4:3 master reticule sizing.

### Closed Captioning

This page allows you to set up **closed captioning**.

### Moving Box

This page allows you to configure a **moving box** graphic overlay on the **output video**. Moving-box insertion can serve as a dynamic raster confidence check even in cases where the input video image is static or lost.

### Wings

This page allows you to configure **wings** insertion and displays the **insertion** **status**.

### GPO Setup

This page provides two independent contact pairs (**GPO 1** and **GPO 2**) that can be invoked as a function of input routing.
