---
uid: Connector_help_Ross_Video_General_Frame_-_Cobalt_Digital_9960
---

# Ross Video General Frame - Cobalt Digital 9960

The Cobalt Digital 9960 connector is an exported connector that displays information regarding the card 9960-TG2-REF1.

## About

**SNMP** polling is used to retrieve the device information.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector [Ross Video General Frame](xref:Connector_help_Ross_Video_General_Frame), range 1.0.0.x.

Note that the layout of this connector is similar to that of the web interface.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Unknown                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### Card Info

This page displays the general parameters for card 9960: **Product**, **Manufacturer**, **Software**, **Hardware**, **Firmware** etc.

### Status

This page displays the general status parameters for card 9960, including the status of all **Inputs** and **GPIs**, as well as the **Temperature**, **Input Voltage**, **Power**, etc.

### Admin

On this page, you can find the global card operating status, as well as set the card communication **IP** address.

### Clock

This page provides controls that can be used to set the device time, such as **Clock Mode**, **Clock Source** and **Local Timezone**.

### Analog Output Video

This page provides an audio crosspoint, allowing you to select the audio source for each **Analog** audio output channel. It also provides **Gain**, **Phase Invert** and **Muting** controls and **Peak Level Meters** for each output channel.

### COM Routing

This page provides controls that can be used to set up the two COM (serial) ports for LTC or ANC functions, and set the **COM** protocol for each port.

### Output Video

This page contains the configuration for the **Output Routing SDI Out** (1 to 4).

### Analog Output

This page provides an audio crosspoint, allowing you to select the audio source for each **Analog** audio output channel. It also provides **Gain**, **Phase Invert** and **Muting** controls and **Peak Level Meters** for each output channel.

### Embedded Output

This page displays the **Output Audio Embedded Output Path 1** and **Path 2** tables, where **Source**, **Mute**, **Meter**, **Invert** and **Gain** are possible to configure.

### AES Output

This page provides an audio crosspoint, allowing you to select the audio source for each **AES** audio output channel. It also provides **Gain**, **Phase Invert** and **Muting** controls and **Peak Level Meters** for each output channel.

### Flex Mix

This page contains the **Output Flex Mix Table**, which allows you to configure the **Source**, **Mute**, **Gain** and **Flex Bus**.

### Video Proc

On these pages, you can configure the following **Video Proc** settings for path 1 and 2, respectively: **Luma Gain**, **Luma Lift**, **Color Gain**, **Color Phase**, **Gang Luma/Color Gain**, and other **Color Correction** controls.

### AFD

This page displays the **AFD Input** and **Output Status**, including some settings such as **Input Mapping** and **Line Fields**.

### AFD Map

This page contains the **AFD Map Input** tables, which allow you to configure the **Vertical Zoom**, **Horizontal Zoom**, **Pan**, **Tilt** and **Output AFD Code**.

### Ident 1 - Path 1 / Ident 2 - Path 1

These pages allow you to configure up to two **ident text strings** on **output video** for path 1.

### Ident 1 - Path 2 / Ident 2 - Path 2

These pages allow you to configure up to two **ident text strings** on **output video** for path 2.

### Timecode Burn - Path 1 / Timecode Burn - Path 2

These pages provide controls that allow you to configure a **time code** on **output video** for path 1 and 2, respectively.

### Reticules - Path 1 / Reticules - Path 2

These pages allow you to add **Safe Action** and **Safe Title** overlays and other static markers to the output video image for path 1 and path 2, respectively.

### Reticules Advanced - Path 1 / Reticules Advanced - Path 2

These pages contain **insertion** and **sizing** controls for custom graticules and other markers. They also allow **NTSC** legacy 4:3 master reticule sizing for path 1 and 2, respectively.

### Timecode - Path 1 / Timecode - Path 2

These pages provide timecode data extraction from various sources and contain formatting and re-insertion controls for the insertion of the time code into the **output video** for path 1 and 2, respectively.

### Moving Box

This page allows you to configure a **moving box** graphic overlay on the **output video**. Moving-box insertion can serve as a dynamic raster confidence check even in cases where the input video image is static or lost.
