---
uid: Connector_help_Ross_Video_General_Frame_-_Cobalt_Digital_9970-QS
---

# Ross Video General Frame - Cobalt Digital 9970-QS

The Cobalt Digital 9970-QS connector is an exported connector that displays information regarding the card 9970-QS.

## About

**SNMP** polling is used to retrieve the device information.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector [Ross Video General Frame](xref:Connector_help_Ross_Video_General_Frame), range 1.0.0.x.

Note that the layout of this connector is similar to that of the web interface.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Unknown                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### Card 9970-QS Info

This page displays the general parameters for card 9970-QS: **Product**, **Manufacturer**, **Software**, **Hardware**, **Firmware**, etc.

### Status

This page displays the general status parameters for card 9970-QS, including the status for all the **Inputs** and **GPIs**. The **Temperature**, **Input Voltage** and **Power** are also displayed here.

### PIP Clone

On this page, you can configure and clone the settings between the 5 **PIPs** available in the device. You can clone the settings one by one, or enable/disable the ones that are needed.

### Input Routing

On this page, you can configure the **Input Sources** for the available **PIPs.** It is also possible to configure the **Cascade Mode**.

### PIP Layout

On this page, you can configure the following settings: **QuickSet Action**, **PIP QuickSet**, **Layout Templates**, **PIP Spacing** and **Layout Flip.**

### PIP ARC/Borders

This page provides controls to individually set the border, **ARC**, and custom sizing for each local **PIP** input.

### Output Format

This page provides controls to set merged split **Output Format**/conditioning and card global ref lock mode. It also contains settings to force an HDMI or DVI output suitable for direct connection to monitors using a DVI input in case the connection is not detected by the monitor. Finally, it also provides color mode controls to match HDMI/DVI output to the color space of the monitor.

### Output Audio

This page provides an audio crosspoint, allowing the audio source selection for each embedded audio output channel. It also contains **Gain**, **Phase Invert**, and **Muting** controls and peak level meters for each output channel.

### Tally Lamps

This page provides controls for each **PIP** to insert tally indicator "lamps" as overlays into the output video.

### UMD

This page allows you to insert **UMD** text, user identification text, and timecode burn-in for each **PIP**. It also allows you to set insertion rules and text attributes such as size and color.

### Ident 1 / Ident 2

These pages allow you to insert identifying active-video area burn-in text for each **PIP**. It also allows you to set insertion rules and text attributes such as size and color.

### Timecode Burn

This page allows you to insert active-video area timecode burn-in for each **PIP**. You can also set insertion rules and attributes such as size and color.

### Audio Meter Overlay

This page allows you to insert active-video area audio meters (bars) for each **PIP**, and to set insertion rules and attributes such as layout, size and position.

### Reticules

This page provides controls for each **PIP** for **Safe Action** and/or **Safe Title** overlays and other static reticule markers that can be added to the output video image.

### Reticules Advanced

This page provides controls for each **PIP** for insertion and sizing of custom graticules and other markers, as well as NTSC legacy 4:3 master reticule sizing.

### Cascade

This page displays the **Cascade Configuration** table, which allows you to set up the cards in the cascade chain to communicate with each other.

### Protocols / PESA Router

These pages provide controls for the integration of **Utah Scientific** router (such as SC-4) IP communication with the 9970-QS to provide automated **UMD** and **Ident** text burn-in, independently for **PIP** IN A to IN E input channels.

### Image Video

This page provides controls for the integration of **Image Video** router IP communication with the 9970-QS to provide automated **UMD** and **Tally** burn-ins, independently for **PIP** 1 to **PIP** 5.

### TSL Protocol

This page provides controls for the integration of **TSL** router IP communication with the 9970-QS to provide automated **UMD** and **Tally** burn-ins, independently for **PIP** 1 to **PIP** 5.

### GPI Setup

On this page, you can configure up to 16 "virtual **GPIs**", using the up to five discrete **GPI** inputs. The virtual **GPIs** can in turn be used for attribute control, such as tally lamp activation, borders, and ident text.

### Event Actions

On this page, you can configure attribute control such as **tally lamp activation**, **borders**, and **ident** text using **GPI**, **video format**, or other action triggers.

### Output Preview

On this page, you can configure the **Screen Capture** settings.

### Logo Insertion

On this page, you can configure **Logo** settings, such as the **Vertical** and **Horizontal Position**.

### Clock

On this page, you can configure and insert wall-clock time in merged output or as a per-**PIP** insertion selection.

### Presets

On this page, user control settings can be saved in a one-button **Preset** and then loaded (recalled) when necessary. There is also a button that allows you to restore the default factory settings.

### Log

This page displays the **User Log Table**, which maintains a log of user actions and input lock status.

### Admin

This page displays the **global status** of the card. You can also download a **log** here for factory engineering support.

The page also contains controls for the selection and loading of card **firmware upgrade** files.
