---
uid: Connector_help_SA_D9032
---

# SA D9032

With this connector, you can get a full overview of the Cisco SA D9032 Encoder, and monitor and configure the different applications that the device addresses, such as contribution, cable headends, DTH or DBV-T playouts and IP headends.

## About

The connector uses **SNMP** to retrieve all information from the device. It allows the configuration of the Cisco SA D9032 Encoder **IP network**, **Video**, **Audio**, **VBI**, **DPI**, **Output** and **Program**. It also includes an overview of SA **Messages** with their status and severity, and provides access to the **Web Interface** of the device.

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

**SNMP CONNECTION**:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device, e.g. *10.11.12.13.*
- **Device address**: This connector has no device address.

**SNMP Settings**:

- **Port number**: The port of the connected device, by default *161.*
- **Get community string**: The community string in order to read from the device. The default value is *public*.
- **Set community string**: The community string in order to set to the device. The default value is *private.*

## Usage

### General

This page displays general device information, such as the **System Description**, **System Contact**, **System Name** and **System Location**. The system name and location can be adjusted.

The page also displays the state of the commit mode via **Enable Take**. This is either *Enable* or *Disable*.

With the **Reset** button, the device can be reset.

### IP Network

This page provides an overview of all the **IP Networks** with their corresponding **Connector Names**. You can reconfigure the **IP Address**, **Subnet Mask** and **Default Gateway** of each network, and set alarm monitoring for these items in order to keep track of possible misconfigurations. These parameters are monitored and use normalization. As they consist of text, the **Type** in the DataMiner Cube alarm template must be set to *discreet*. There are two ways of defining the normal value, either via the alarm template or via the page button **Normalize**. (See "Notes" section below.)

### Messages

This pages provides an overview of the message history. In order to reduce the number of messages, you can apply a filter on them via the **Filters** page button. From there, you can add a **Message Subject** text. The table will be filtered and a real-time count of messages with the **Message State** *Open.Critical*, *Open.Major*, *Open.Minor*, *Open.Warning*, *Open.Information* and *Undefined* will be shown in the **Occurrence** column. A filter can be removed with the **Delete** button for the specific row in the **Filters** **Table**.

### Video

On this page, you can *Enable* or *Disable* the program state and its PID.

The following video parameters are also displayed on this page:

- **Input Type**: The type of video, e.g. *PAL*, *NTSC*, *SDI 525*, *SDI 625*, *SDI Auto*, *PAL M*, *PAL N.*
- **SDI Resolution**: The bit length of the samples in the SDI Input signal.
- **Composite NTSC Pedestal**: The pedestal value in percent. This only applies to *NTSC*, *PAL M* and *PAL N.*
- **Frame Synchronizer**: Makes it possible to disable or enable the synchronizer with or without an external reference.
- **Input Loss Action**: This is the action that will be executed when the video is lost.
- **Input Loss Action Delay**: The time the video must be lost before the Input Loss Action will be executed when the synchronizer is enabled.
- **Composite Source**: Defines where the composite-in is sent.
- **VBR Minimum Bit Rate**: The minimum bit rate used by the variable bit rate encoding algorithm.
- **VBR Maximum Bit Rate**: The maximum bit rate used by the variable bit rate encoding algorithm.
- **VBR Video Quality**: The quality number of the video. The higher, the better.
- **Bitrate Mode**: The way the video rate is controlled, e.g. *Fixed*, *Satmux* or *Variable.*
- **Fixed Bit Rate**: When the bitrate mode is set to fixed, this is the rate that will be used.

Aside from these parameters, you can also configure and monitor the **Encoder**, **Pre-Processor**, **Low Pass Filter** and **Satmux** via the corresponding page buttons.

### Audio Layer II

The Video Audio Layer II Table shows an overview of all audio with its configured parameters. You can change this configuration in the table.

The page buttons **Linear**, **AAC** and **Dolby** show an overview of the represented audio.

### VBI, DPI

On this page, the configuration of the VBI or DPI is displayed. Extra settings can be done via the page buttons **VBI Caption**, **VBI 625 Line**, and **VBI 525 Line**.

### Output - TS

On this page, you can configure the Output Transport Stream. More detailed settings are done via the page buttons **Terrestrial**, **Satellite**, **Cable** or **ASI**.

### Output - IP Streaming

This page displays the configuration of the **Output IP Streaming**. Alarm monitoring on these values is done via **Normalization** as described in the section "IP Network" above*.*

### PCR Synchronize

This page displays the configuration of the **PCR Synchronization**. Alarm monitoring on these values is done via **Normalization** as described in the section "IP Network" above*.*

### Program

This page contains an overview of the **Program** settings with a list of the **Audio** and **Teletext Descriptors**.

## Notes

Instead of using the **Normalize** tables to indicate the **Normal** reference, you can also do this through the alarm template in DataMiner Cube. Double-click the *\[Ref\]* in the **Normal** column to select the **Normalized** value.
