---
uid: Connector_help_SA_Pulsar_MKII_-_Device
---

# SA Pulsar MKII - Device

The **SA Pulsar MKII Device** connector is exported from the [SA Pulsar MKII](xref:Connector_help_SA_Pulsar_MKII) connector and contains specific monitoring information for each device listed in the Device Overview table.

## About

This connector allows you to monitor and manage the main and auxiliary inputs for audio and video and the converter of the modulator, using serial communication.

The connector is automatically generated by the SA Pulsar MKII connector range 1.0.2.x.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description**                                           | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version                                           | No                  | Yes                     |
| 1.0.1.x          | No                                                        | Yes                 |                         |
| 1.0.2.x          | Initial branch version. Creates device elements from DVE. | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Unknown                     |
| 1.0.1.x          | Unknown                     |
| 1.0.2.x          | V02.08                      |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the parent connector [SA Pulsar MKII](xref:Connector_help_SA_Pulsar_MKII) connector from version 1.0.2.1 onwards.

## Usage

### Main View

This page provides a general overview of the video/audio status and of the converter status.

### General

This page displays the general status of the device. The following subpages provide more detailed information:

- **Device info**: Displays the current status of the box device.
- **Installed Options**: Displays the installed options available on the device.
- **More Installed Options:** Displays more installed options available on the device.
- **Audio Peak Deviation:** Displays the peak deviations for the current inputs.

### Alarm

This page displays information related to the alarm status behavior of the device.

The **More Alarms** page button displays more data related to the alarm status behavior of the device.

### Converter

On this page, you can view and manage settings for the converter configuration process.

The **More Converter Settings** page button displays additional settings that can be configured for the converter configuration process.

### Main Input

On this page, you can view and manage settings for the main video/audio input of the device modulator.

The **More Main Input Settings** page button displays additional settings that can be configured for the main video/audio input of the device modulator.

### Auxiliary Input

On this page, you can view and manage settings for the auxiliary video/audio input of the device modulator.

The **More Auxiliary Input Settings** page button displays additional settings for the auxiliary video/audio input of the device modulator.
