---
uid: Connector_help_Semaphore_TBox
---

# Semaphore TBox

The **Semaphore TBox** has two different connector ranges. One that will interact with the device as a standalone connector and one that is part of a **Configuration Management System**.
Both will retrieve the digital and analog contact information and display it.

## About

The connector will retrieve all contact information and update these via **Traps**. The implementation is done in two different versions and are used for two different configurations:

The standalone **Semaphore TBox** runs in connector **Range 1.x.x.x.**

The implementation for the **Configuration Management System** runs in connector **Range 2.x.x.x**

The **CM System** will provide the **Semaphore TBox** connector the information of the connected contacts. Each contact will have its own name and will be linked to a virtual Equipment.

This Equipment will be displayed as a **Dynamic Virtual Element** in the **DataMiner System**. Only for these contacts the data will be retrieved and updated via **Traps**.

**Alarm**/**Trend** templates are automatically generated by the **Configuration Manager** (this is the connector providing the information to the **TBox**) and will be assigned.

In this situation, the **Semaphore TBox Element** does not need to be created. It will be created or deleted depending on the settings in the **Configuration Manager**.

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector uses a **Simple Network Management Protocol** (**SNMP**) connection and requires the following input during element creation:
**SNMP CONNECTION:**

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device

**SNMP Settings:**

- **Port number**: The port of the connected device (default: *161*)
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device (default value if not overridden in the connector: *public*).
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device (default value if not overridden in the connector: *private*).

## Usage (2.x.x.x range)

### RTU Information

This is the settings of the **TBox** provided and configured in the **Configuration Manager**. It will display the the **Name (RTU)**, the **View** and the **Type**.

The **Name** is the **Element** name of the generated **TBox Element**, given in the **CM**.

The **View** is the name of the **View** the **TBox Element** is located by the **CM** upon creation.

The **Type** will always be *TBox*

### Equipment Information

This will display a list of all the virtual Equipments configured in the **CM** as a **TBox** **Element**. Each will create a **DVE** **Element** displaying the Equipment information provided by the **CM** and the configured contacts.

The provided information contains the **Name**, the **View** (**Site**), the **State**, ect.

The **CM** will also add the name of the **Alarm** and **Trend** **Template** that is currently assigned to this **TBox** **Element**. This will be empty when no template is assigned.

### Point Information

The **Digital Input**, **Digital Output** and **Analog Input** pages provide an overview of all the connected contacts with their current states.

Via the **CM** it is possible to provide an alias for 0 or 1 value of Digital contacts. e.g. *Alarm* and *Normal* and optional to invert these.

On **Analog** contacts it is possible to add a calculation that will be performed on the received value.

These **Point Tables** will also display the **Service** that contains the Equipments. This is a setting in the **CM**.

### RTU Communication

The **RTU Communiation** are settings done in the **CM** to indicate the communication details of this **TBox**. It will display e.g. the **IP Address** and the **Port**.

### RTU Point Summary

This table will provide an overview of all the contacts of configured by the **CM** to retrieve data with their current state.
