---
uid: Connector_help_Skyline_EPM_Platform_GPON
---

# Skyline EPM Platform GPON

The Skyline EPM Platform GPON connector allows the aggregation of KPIs from different collector elements for GPON infrastructures.

This is an Experience and Performance Management connector, and as such it is designed to handle large amounts of data from the GPON infrastructures.

**Skyline EPM Platform GPON** is a **back-end** connector compatible with the **EPM Solution**. A deployed EPM Solution contains one [**Skyline EPM Platform**](xref:Connector_help_Skyline_EPM_Platform) **front-end** element, but it can have one or multiple Skyline EPM Platform GPON back-end elements. While the **Skyline EPM Platform** front-end element is responsible for the top-level data aggregation from different back-end elements, each back-end element is responsible for the aggregation of the data from the OLT collectors.

Different topologies are presented in the Skyline EPM Platform. For the GPON infrastructure, the following chains are present:

- **GPON Service:**

- Network
  - Market
  - Hub
  - OLT
  - Slot
  - Port
  - ONT

<!-- -->

- **Quick**

- Split

<!-- -->

- **Configuration**

- Allows you to place Visual Overview layouts on a separate chain.

The KPIs in the topologies are the result of aggregation performed in the Skyline EPM Platform GPON back-end elements.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Virtual connection

This connector uses a virtual connection and does not require any input during element creation.

### Initialization

When you create a **Skyline EPM Platform GPON** element, you need to configure the following data:

- Define the **Import Directory** on the **Configuration** page. This same directory must be configured on all the elements of the EPM Solution related to GPON.
- Define the **Export Directory** on the **Configuration** page. This same directory must be configured on all the elements of the EPM solution related to GPON.
- Add the **OLT** element IDs in the **GPON Collector Registration** table available on the **Backend** page.
- If the **import and export directory** is in a **remote location**, fill in the **Username** and **Password** fields in the System Credentials section of the **Configuration** page.

## How to use

While this connector is mostly self-reliant once the initial setup is done, there are a number of actions you can perform.

The **provision button** will import all the provisioning files generated by the **Skyline EPM Platform** element and then notify the **OLT** elements to perform the import.

The **reset button** removes existing data from tables and performs provisioning logic to remove any erroneous data.

## Notes

### Inner workflow of the EPM Solution

The provisioning of the EPM Solution for GPON is sequential and involves the following components:

- **Skyline EPM Platform**: Responsible for the top-level data aggregation, displaying the topologies and ID assignment of all entities.
- **Skyline EPM Platform GPON**: In charge of the data aggregation from the collectors.
- **OLT**: In charge of polling data from the different OLTs (e.g. ZTE ZXA10 C600 GPON Platform) and exporting all available the entities.

The solution is based on the usage of CSV files and the DataMiner messaging system.

First, the **OLT** elements export the necessary files containing the resources that need to be assigned DataMiner IDs. These elements notify the **Skyline EPM Platform front-end** element, which in turn initiates the ID assignment process. The ID request notifications will be handled in a FIFO (First-In-First-Out) fashion to ensure the sequential processing of requests. The front-end element will import the CSV files to perform the necessary steps of the provisioning.

Once the ID assignment is completed, the front-end element will export a series of CSV files for the **Skyline EPM Platform GPON back-end** and **OLT** elements to import. For this, the front-end element notifies the respective back-end element to process these files. The back-end element imports the resources with their assigned IDs and notifies the respective **OLT** elements of ID assignment completion (these elements will import the new files).
