---
uid: Connector_help_Skyline_EPM_Platform_GPON_WM
---

# Skyline EPM Platform GPON WM

This connector is a configuration manager that processes raw JSON and CSV files generated by **Generic KAFKA Consumer** and **OLT** elements respectively. Based on these, it creates new **OLT KPI** JSON files.

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features**                                 | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | \- Initial version. - Creation of OLT KPI files. | \-           | \-                |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components**                                                                                                                                  | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | Automation scripts: - WmGponToOlt - OltToGponWm Generic KAFKA Consumer OLT Connectors: - ZTE ZXA10 C600 GPON Platform - Huawei 5600-5800 GPON Platform | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Virtual connection

This driver uses a virtual connection and does not require any input during element creation.

### Initialization

For a Skyline EPM GPON WM element to function, a **Generic KAFKA Consumer** and an **OLT** element (element in charge of monitoring an optical line termination and its respective ONTs e.g. ZTE ZXA10 C600 GPON Platform) must be installed on the DMA. These elements create the required input CSV and JSON files for the Skyline EPM GPON WM.

In addition, the following scripts must be installed: **WmGponToOlt** and **OltToGponWm**. These are required for the communication between the Skyline EPM GPON WM and the OLT elements.

Two Correlation rules must be created to activate each of these Automation scripts:

- Both Correlation rules must **accept information events**.
- The first Correlation rule must have the alarm filter **Parameter description (by protocol)** equal to the *OLT* protocols on the parameter *WM KAFKA On Request.* This rule must activate the script **OltToGponWm**.
- The second Correlation rule must have the alarm filter **Parameter description (by protocol)** equal to *Skyline EPM Platform GPON WM* on parameter **OLT Change Event**. This rule must activate the script **WmGponToOlt**.

For more information on how to configure Correlation rules, refer to the [DataMiner Help](https://help.dataminer.services/dataminer/#t=DataMinerUserGuide/part_4/correlation/correlation.htm).

Finally, to begin using the Skyline EPM Platform GPON WM element, go to the **Configuration page** of the element and define the Entity Import, KAFKA Import and the KAFKA Export settings. This configuration must be the same as defined in the **Generic KAFKA Consumer** and **OLT** elements.

## How to use

When everything has been configured correctly as described in the "Initialization" section above, the Skyline EPM GPON WM element will be able to receive requests from the OLT elements to create the compatible **OLT KPI** JSON files.

On the **General** page, the **Workflow Table** is displayed. This table contains the latest workflow requests that have been made by the **OLT** element with their respective results.

The resulting JSON files can be found in the subfolder of C:\\ that is defined in the KAFKA Export settings (By default *C:\Topic Consumption*).
