---
uid: Connector_help_Skyline_Central_DB_File_Offload
---

# Skyline Central DB File Offload

This driver can be used to upload offload files that are generated by DataMiner to a central database.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | \-                     |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Virtual connection

This driver uses a virtual connection and does not require any input during element creation.

### Initialization

On the **Configuration** page, you must configure the **credentials** to access the target database, as well as the **source path** of the directory that contains the source offload files.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

## How to use

This driver is intended to monitor a source folder listing the central DB offload files (similar to how offload files are listed in the *C:/Skyline DataMiner/System Cache/Offload* folder). The offload files will be processed by the driver and offloaded to the MySQL central database (in the same way as the standard DataMiner central DB offload to MySQL).

The reason to have this driver perform the offload instead of the DataMiner software itself is in order to support offloading to multiple separate destinations at the same time, e.g. MySQL central DB in combination with AWS Kinesis Data Stream. For this reason, the DataMiner software will be enhanced so it can be set to offload to a file directory where the files can get processed and put into separate cache folders, one for each offload destination. This driver can then be used to create an element on each DMA in the cluster that offloads data, processing the cache folder contents and offloading the central DB offload files towards the MySQL destination.
