---
uid: Connector_help_Skyline_SmartRec_Application_-_Channel
---

# Skyline SmartRec Application - Channel

This connector is generated by the **Skyline SmartRec Application** connector. This DVE child connector only shows data associated with one channel.

## About

### Version Info

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>Range</strong></td>
<td><strong>Key Features</strong></td>
<td><strong>Based on</strong></td>
<td><strong>System Impact</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>2.0.0.x [Obsolete]</td>
<td>DVE elements for each channel.</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>2.0.1.x [SLC Main]</td>
<td>Split in separate elements for each platform.</td>
<td>2.0.0.17</td>
<td><ul>
<li>Recreation of element is required</li>
<li>Loss of all trend data</li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Configuration

### Initialization

This connector is automatically generated by the connector Skyline SmartRec Application, range 2.0.x.x. An element will be created automatically for each monitored channel in the resource manager. No extra configuration is needed.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

## How to use

The **EPG Bookings table** contains a list of all program broadcasts that are in the resource manager. Programs in this table will be sent to the WitBe Robots for testing. The WitBe Robot Manager will handle the distribution of these program test campaigns. The aggregated result of all performed tests is shown in the **Program Status Column**.

The color of programs in the resource manager will be set to the color of the alarm of the **Program** **Status** in the **EPG Bookings table**.

The **EPG Result table** shows whether a program has already been tested.

The **StartOver Tests table** contains the aggregated results of all startover tests on a program. Startover tests are performed on programs that are currently airing. If the status is ***pending***, this means that there are not enough test results yet to show an aggregated result.

The **Replay Tests table** is similar, but contains results for replay tests. Replay tests are performed on programs that have finished broadcasting.

The **Robot Test table** contains all individual test results received from the **WitBe Robots**.

The **StartOver Channel Issues page** shows if many sequential programs are failing. This provides information as to the root cause of the issue that is causing the programs to fail.

The **Daily Aggregation page** provides an overview of the kind of issues that have occurred each day.

The **Weekly Aggregation page** provides an overview of the kind of issues that have occurred over a week.

## Notes

Temporarily unassign all alarm templates when starting, stopping or restarting the element or its parent.
