---
uid: Connector_help_Snell_Wilcox_IQUDC30
---

# Snell Wilcox IQUDC30

The **Snell Wilcox IQUDC30** connector monitors and configures the IQUDC30 converter.

## About

The connector polls all parameters once after startup. After this, parameter updates depend on event messages generated by the device when a parameter changes. However, it is possible to manually trigger the polling of all parameters with the **Force Poll** button on the General page.

### Version Info

| Range | Description | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant |
|----------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| **Range**     | **Device Firmware Version** |
|----------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | V5.7.9                      |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### Serial Main Connection

This connector uses a single smart-serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.
  - **IP port**: The IP port of the device, by default *2050*.
  - **Bus Address**: The bus of the card on the chassis. The default value is *UU.PP (Hex)*. This shows the expected structure of the address, where *UU* is the chassis ID, and the *PP* is the card position, both in hex.

## Usage

### General

This page displays general information about the device, such as the **Versions**, **Serial Number**, **Build**, **IP Share/Bridging Port** and more. It also includes the **Information Display**, as well as the following buttons:

- **Factory Defaults**: Sets the device back to the factory defaults.
- **Default Settings**: Sets the device back to the default settings.
- **Restart**: Restarts the device.
- **Force Poll**: Polls the device again.
- **Connection Info**: Opens a subpage with various parameters related to the serial connection, including the assigned session number, local session number and session status. It also includes the **Simulated RollCall** Response, which allows you to set a custom response that will be handled by the connector as if it were received by the device.
- **IQOPTM**: Opens a subpage with various **IQOPTM** toggle buttons.

### Input

This page displays the **Input Source**, **SDI 1 Status**, **SDI 2 Status** and **Current Input Standard.**

### Output

This page contains output-related parameters, such as **Output** **Format**, **Default Field Rate**, **Current Output Standard**, **SD Half Line** and more. It also contains **Caption** controls (**Entry**, **Scroll**, and **Status**).

### Video

This page contains video-related parameters, such as **Gamma**, **Saturation**, **Contrast**, **Black Level** and **YC Offset**. It also contains **Nonlinear Enhancer** controls and **Conversion Aperture Controls**, as well as the **Preset** button, which sets all current settings as a preset.

### Convert

This page contains converter-related controls, such as **Clean Edge Upconversion**, **Still Process**, **Enhanced Film Mode**, **2:3 Source**, **Film Cadence** and more.

### ARC and Sidebar Keyer

This page contains various ARC and sidebar parameters, such as **Sync Mode**, **Signaling Detected** status, **VI** controls and **L23** controls.

It also contains the following page buttons:

- **Force Mode**: Displays the **SMPTE 2016**, **RP186**, **AFD** and **ETSI** controls.
- **Input Config**: Displays the **Input Signaling source**, **SD Input Format** and **Force Input Format**.
- **Output Config**: Displays the **Conversion Scaling** and **SD Output Format**.
- **Post Scaling Control:** Displays the **Post Scaling Status**, as well as controls such as **size**, **aspect**, **pan** and **tilt**.
- **Presets**: Displays the **SD Input is 702**, **SD Output is 702**, **SD Cross Conversion**, **Up Conversion** and **Down Conversion controls.**

### Audio Routing

This page contains a **Source** control for each process pair, and displays the **Status** for each process pair and embedded pair.

### Audio Shuffle

This page contains the **control**, **source**, and **invert** **phase** controls of each pair, left and right, and displays the **status** of each output pair.

### Audio Control

This page contains the **gain** and **delay** controls for all 8 left and right pairs, and displays the **total** **delays** for all of the pairs. It also contains the **global** **total** **delays** for **audio** and **video**.

### Genlock

This page contains the **Horizontal Timing**, **Vertical Timing**, **Timing** **Status** and **Source** **Ch1**.

### Timecode

This page contains the source controls for both **SD** and **HD**, as well as various timecode-related parameters, such as **On Timecode Loss**, **Processing Mode**, **Timecode Entry**, **VITC**, **Output Lines**, and **29.94 fps**.

### Metadata

This page contains the **closed caption** and **CEA-708**/**CEA-608** controls.

### GPI/O

This page contains controls to set the GPIO modes to either input or output, as well as to set each GPI/GPO channel.

### RollTrack

This page contains information about the RollTrack, such as the **index**, **source**, **address**, **command**, **status**, and **sending status**.

### Memories

On this page, you can **select** a memory (1-16) and edit its name, **recall** a previous memory (if available), and also view the **Last User Memory**.

The page includes the following buttons:

- **Save Memory**: Saves the current memory name.
- **Clear Memory**: Clears the current memory.

### Misc Logging

This page displays information about general parameters (**Serial Number**, **Up Time**, **Power Usage**, **Build**). It also contains toggle buttons that allow you to enable or disable the logging of this information.

### Video Input Logging

This page displays information about video inputs 1 and 2 (**Type**, **State**, **Standard**). It also contains toggle buttons that allow you to enable or disable the logging of this information.

### Output Logging

This page contains information about the output (**Type, State, Standard**). It also contains toggle buttons that allow you to enable or disable the logging of this information.

### Output Audio State Logging

This page displays information about each of the 8 **output embedded pair states**. It also contains toggle buttons that allow you to enable or disable the logging of this information.

### Output Audio type Logging

This page displays information about each of the 8 **output embedded pair types**. It also contains toggle buttons that allow you to enable or disable the logging of this information.

### Web Interface

This page displays the web interface of the device. Note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.
