---
uid: Connector_help_Snell_Wilcox_IQSYN30
---

# Snell Wilcox IQSYN30

The **Snell Wilcox IQSYN30** connector monitors and configures the IQSYN30 frame synchronizer device.

## About

The connector polls all parameters once after startup, and from then on depends on event messages generated by the device when a parameter changes. The "Force Poll" button on the General page can be used to manually trigger polling again.

### Version Info

| Range | Description | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant |
|----------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | 3400                        |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### Serial Main Connection

This connector uses a single smart serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- Interface connection:

  - **IP address/host:** The polling IP of the device.
  - **IP port:** The IP port of the device, by default *2050*.
  - **Bus Address:** The bus of the card on the chassis. The default, *UU.PP (Hex)*, shows the expected structure of the address, where UU is the chassis ID, and the PP is the card position, both in Hex.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information on the device, such as the various **versions**, the **Serial Number**, the **Build Number** and more. It also shows **connection info** and the **information display**.

With the **Simulated RollCall response** parameter, you can set a custom response that will be handled by the connector as if it was received by the device. For more information, check the tooltip of the parameter.

Finally, the page also contains the following buttons:

- **Restart**: Restarts the device.
- **Force** **Poll**: Repolls the device.
- **Set** **Defaults**: Sets all settings back to factory default.
- **Logging** **Misc**: Provides access to controls to enable/disable the logging of general parameters.

### Video

On this page, you can enable various settings related to each different video input. You can choose between inputs 1 and 2, and enable or disable various video standards and other settings.

The page includes one page button, **Pattern & Caption**, which opens a subpage with configurable pattern and caption parameters. On this subpage, you can enter the caption you would like to edit and turn the caption on or off, or select the pattern.

### ProcAmp

This page contains various settings for the ProcAmp, such as the **ProcAmp** **Enable**, **Black Level**, **Hue Adjust**, **Master Video Gain, Y/C Timing, Picture Position**, etc.

### Genlock

This page contains various settings for the Genlock, such as the **Genlock Mode**, **H Phase**, **V Phase**, **Freerun Frequency**, **H Delay**, **V Delay** and **Frame Delay**.

### Embedder 1-4

This page contains various controls for pair 1 and 2 of the embedders, including the **Mode**, **Mute**, **Inverts**, **Gains**, **Left/Non_PCM**, and **Right**.

### Audio

This page contains the **audio configuration** including the **internal, manual** and **RollTrack 14-17** **delay**, the **coarse and fine controls**, the **silent level**, the **overload level**, **warning timer** controls, the **tone frequency**, and the **channel ident.**

### Memories

This page allows you to select a memory slot (1-16) and edit its name, **recall** a previous memory slot (if available), and view the **Last User Memory**.

It includes the following buttons:

- **Save Memory**: Saves the current memory name.
- **Clear Memory**: Clears the current memory.

### Logging Video Input

This page displays **Video Input** information, as well as controls to enable or disable the logging of this information.

### Logging Reference

This page displays **Reference/Genlock** information, as well as controls to enable or disable the logging of this information.

### Logging Audio Input

This page displays **Audio Input** information, as well as controls to enable or disable the logging of this information.

### Logging Video Output

This page displays **Video Output** information, as well as controls to enable or disable the logging of this information.

### Logging Audio Output

This page displays **Audio Output** information, as well as controls to enable or disable the logging of this information.

### Web Interface

This page provides access to the web interface of the device. Note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.
