---
uid: Connector_help_Sony_CNA-1_-_CCU
---

# Sony CNA-1 - CCU

The CNA-1 camera control network adaptor enables third-party system products to control Sony system cameras over IP networks. CNA-1 works as a protocol converter, translating the original 700PTP protocol of Sony cameras to and from Simple Protocol to allow the cameras to work easily with third-party devices.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Sony CNA-1**, range 1.0.0.x.

The **Sony CNA-1 - CCU** connector can be used to display information related to each RCP reported by the main element running the [Sony CNA-1](xref:Connector_help_Sony_CNA-1) connector.

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Unknown                |

## Configuration

### Initialization

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

## How to use

### General

This page displays information related to the CCU, such as the model, serial number, **Status** (*Available* or *Not Available*) and **Camera Status** (*Available* or *Not Available*).

### CCU Settings

This page contains the CCU Settings, such as **System Frequency**, **Available Transmission Formats**, **Transmission Format** and **Gen lock Mode**.

### NMI

This page allows you to connect this CCU to the selected NMI. Note: only 1 NMI element can be connected to 1 CNA CCU. You can check which NMI element is connected to which CCU via the NMI table on the main element.
