---
uid: Connector_help_Teleste_HDC100_TSEMP_-_HDO904
---

# Teleste HDC100 TSEMP - HDO904

The HDO904 is an O-band DWDM laser transmitter for forward path fibre optic links in CATV networks.

The **Teleste HDC100 TSEMP - HDO904** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve information from and apply settings on the device. Different possibilities for **alarm monitoring** and **trending** are available.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Teleste HDC100 TSEMP** range 4.0.0.X.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 4.0.0.x          | A                           |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### Properties

This page contains the identification (**Type**, **Configuration**, **Serial Number**, **Hardware Version**, etc.) and statistics (**Up Time**, **Reset Count**, etc.) of the device.

### Adjustments

This page contains the different measurements (**Laser Output Power**, **Laser Bias Current**, **Laser TEC Current**, etc.) and settings (**Adjustment Mode**, **Attenuator**, **Equalizer**, **APC** Settings, etc.) of the device.

### Monitoring

This page contains all the settings that are related to the alarm monitoring of the device:

- **Alarm Control Detection**
- **ACD On Delay**
- **ACD Off Delay**
- Overview of the **Analog Alarm Limits**
- Overview of the **Discrete Alarm Limits**
