---
uid: Connector_help_Teleste_Luminato
---

# Teleste Luminato

The Teleste Luminato is a fully scalable headend platform for cable TV and IPTV networks.

This connector polls general information and information related to the modules and the interfaces.

The alarms are integrated using the *heCommonAlarmEvent* SNMP traps generated by the device. In addition, it is possible to configure the trap receivers on the Teleste device.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features**                                                                                                                                        | **Based on** | **System Impact**                                                         |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x              | Initial version                                                                                                                                         | \-           | \-                                                                        |
| 1.0.1.x \[SLC Main\] | Full review of 1.0.0.6                                                                                                                                  | 1.0.0.6      | \-                                                                        |
| 1.0.2.x              | Added HTTP connection to retrieve enabled states of input streams, since the enabled states are not available via SNMP and only available from the API. | 1.0.1.3      | Existing elements need to be reconfigured to use the new HTTP connection. |
| 1.1.0.x              | New firmware and new functionalities.                                                                                                                   | 1.0.2.4      | \-                                                                        |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware**  |
|-----------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 8.5.3                   |
| 1.0.1.x   | 8.5.7.2 (snmpSetAndGet) |
| 1.0.2.x   | 9.6.8                   |
| 1.1.0.x   | 20.6.9                  |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |
| 1.0.1.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |
| 1.0.2.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |
| 1.1.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### SNMP main connection

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device, e.g. *10.11.12.13.*

SNMP settings:

- **Port number**: The port of the connected device, by default *161.*
- **Get community string**: The community string in order to read from the device. The default value is *public*.
- **Set community string**: The community string in order to set to the device. The default value is *private*.

#### HTTP connection (range 1.0.2.x)

The 1.0.2.x range of this connector uses an HTTP connection to retrieve input stream enabled states and requires the following input during element creation:

HTTP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.
- **IP port**: The IP port of the destination device (default *80*).
- **Bus address**: Not required.

### Web Interface

The web interface is only accessible when the client machine has network access to the product.

## Usage

### General Information

This page displays general information about the device:

- **Device Name** (can be edited)
- **Hardware Serial Number**
- **Hardware Type**
- **Hardware Version**
- **Software Version**
- **Up Time**
- **Cumulative Uptime**

### Element Control

On this page, you can view and configure the **Trap Receiver Table**. This table contains a list of trap receivers. These are the destinations to which the device will send its generated traps. It is important to configure the IP address of the DMA as a trap receiver, as otherwise the connector will not receive the traps and the active alarms will not be available on the **Traps and Alarming Page** (see below).

For each entry in this table, it is possible to read and set the **Receiver IP Address**, the **Receiver Port** and the **Receiver Community String**.

### Modules

This page allows you to view details on the various installed modules. Four tables display information on all modules. Each table shows different information for the same list of modules. A module with a particular index refers to the same physical module across all tables.

- **Module Table:** Displays the module location: module name, rack number, module slot, etc.
- **Module Detail Table:** Shows extra information on each module: MAC address, BUS address, etc.
- **Module Status Table:** Shows information on the module status: temperatures, lid status, reset count, etc.
- **Module Control table:** Allows you to verify the configuration of each module: Control Local Access, LED usage, device reset, temperature thresholds, etc.

### Interfaces

This page displays detailed information about the available interfaces.

- The **Interfaces Table** displays information such as the interface description, type, MTU, speed, physical address, status, etc.
- The **Interface Extended Table** provides additional information on available interfaces per module (detailed name, data direction, etc.).
- The **Signal Physical Table** displays various signal quality information per module interface (SNR, error counts, bit error rates, Viterbi bit error rates).
- The **Transfer Table** provides information on data transfer per module.

In version **1.0.1.x** of the connector, a subpage is available where you can create custom display keys for the Interfaces Table and the Signal Physical Cable. You can select how the display key will be formed. Note that changing the display key can result in loss of trend data.

In version **1.0.2.x** of the connector, a **Login Credentials** subpage is available. The username and password of the device must be filled in on this subpage in order to get the enabled states of the input streams via the HTTP connection.

### Traps and Alarming

The **Current Alarm Table** on this page contains all alarms active on the device. The active alarms and the **Current Alarm State** can be monitored (with an alarm template) and you can use the **Alarm Description** as a filter in the alarm template.

With the exception of a **Coldstart** alarm, alarms will be cleared automatically from the table. You can also manually remove an alarm from the table with the **Remove** button.

In version **1.0.1.x** of the connector, a subpage is available with settings for the automatic cleanup process for the **Current Alarm Table**. You can select a **maximum number** of alarms and/or a **maximum number of days** to keep them in the table. In this same connector range, you can also select the display column format for service alarms in the **Service Alarms Description Format** drop-down list.

Log

This page displays the **Trap Log Table**, which contains a list of alarms that have been logged.

### Web Interface

This page displays the web interface of the device. Note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.

## Notes

The following table maps the module types to the type of input stream receivers

