---
uid: Connector_help_Teleste_HDC100_TSEMP_-_HDO212
---

# Teleste HDC100 TSEMP - HDO212

The HDO212 is a receiver. The **Teleste HDC100 TSEMP - HDO212** connector can be used to display and configure information of the related device.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information of the device. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Teleste HDC100 TSEMP** range 3.0.0.X.

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Device Firmware Version**   |
|------------------|-------------------------------|
| 3.1.0.x          | SW Version 1.1 SW Version 1.2 |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

A DVE using this connector is **automatically created** by an element using the parent connector.

## Usage

### General

This page contains parameters that identify this module (**Type**, **Serial Number**, **Software Version**, **Hardware Version**, etc.) and statistics parameters (**Uptime**, **Number of Restarts**, **Temperature**, etc.).

In addition, it is possible to enable or disable the **Alarm Control Detection** on this page.

### Optical

This page contains parameters concerning **Rx 1 (A) Optical** and **Rx 2 (B) Optical** (**Power**, **Wavelength**, **Reference**, **Power Status Enable**, etc.).

### RF

This page contains the parameters **Auto Mode**, **Attenuator**, **OMI/Channel**, **Output Level Target**, etc.

### Switch

This page contains the parameters **Backup Status**, **Control Value**, **Routing Mode**, etc.

### Alarm Limits ORX212

This page displays both the **Analog** **Alarm** **Limits** and the **Discreet** **Alarm** **Limits** table.

For the **analog parameters**, you can configure both the threshold and the status of **HiHi**, **Hi**, **Lo**, **LoLo** and **Deadband.** For the **discrete parameters**, the **Notification** can be changed.
