---
uid: Connector_help_Teleste_HDC100_TSEMP_-_HDO908
---

# Teleste HDC100 TSEMP - HDO908

The HDO908 is a 1310nm DWDM transmitter for short distances. It supports broadband, narrowcast and broadcast services in a digital format. The HDO908 downstream transmitter supports frequencies up to 1218 MHz and has one 8/10/12 dBm output.

## About

A **serial** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information of the device. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector [Teleste HDC100 TSEMP](xref:Connector_help_Teleste_HDC100_TSEMP), range 3.1.0.x and 4.0.0.x.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 3.1.0.x          | SW version 1.12             |
| 4.0.0.x          | Unknown                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage (Range 3.1.0.x)

### General

This page contains parameters that identify this module (**Type**, **Serial Number**, **Software Version**, **Hardware Version**, etc.) and statistics parameters (**Uptime**, **Number of Restarts**, **Temperature**, **Fan Status**, etc.).

In addition, it is possible to set the **Alarm Control Detection** parameters on this page.

Via the **Alarm Limits HDO908** page button, you can access the **Analog Alarm Limits** and the **Discrete Alarm Limits** tables. For the **analog** parameters, you can configure the threshold and the status of **HiHi**, **Hi**, **Lo**, **LoLo** and **Deadband**. For the **discrete** parameters, the notification can be changed.

### Optical

This page contains parameters related to the **Laser**, such as **Output Mode,** **Laser Bias Current**, **Laser Output Power**, **Laser Temperature**, etc. It also contains the **Initial Factory Values** parameter.

It is recommended to refresh the page after setting the **Output Mode**, since it can take some time for the values to be updated after the set.

### RF

This page contains parameters related to **Input 1** and **Input 2** (**State**, **Attenuator**, **Equalizer**, etc.), as well as the **Adjustment Mode** and **APC Settings** parameters**.**

## Usage (Range 4.0.0.x)

### Properties

This page contains parameters that identify this module (**Type**, **Configuration**, **Serial Number**, **Hardware Version**, etc.) and statistics parameters (**Up Time**, **Reset Count**, etc.).

### Adjustments

This page contains the different measurements (**Laser Output Power**, **Laser Bias Current**, **Laser TEC Current**, etc.) and settings (**Adjustment Mode**, **Attenuator** and **Equalizer** for both inputs, etc.) of the device.

### Status

This page displays status parameters related to the laser parameters.

### Monitoring

This page contains all the settings that are related to the alarm monitoring of the device:

- Overview of the **Analog Alarm Limits**
- Overview of the **Discrete Alarm Limits**
- **Alarm Control Detection** parameters
