---
uid: Connector_help_Telefonia_por_Cable_S.A_de_C.V._Geomarketing_DB_GPON
---

# Telefonia por Cable S.A de C.V. Geomarketing DB GPON

The Telefonica por Cable S.A de C.V. Geomarketing DB GPON connector can be used to retrieve information related to the passives from the Geomarketing database.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Key Features**                                                                      | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Initial version. Retrieves information related to the **Splits** and **Subscribers**. | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | \-                     |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components**                                                | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | [Skyline EPM Platform](xref:Connector_help_Skyline_EPM_Platform) | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Virtual connection

This connector uses a virtual connection and does not require any input during element creation.

### Initialization

For a Telefonica por Cable S.A de C.V. Geomarketing DB GPON element to function, the **Skyline EPM Platform** solution must be installed in the DataMiner cluster. The EPM solution creates the files that are required to query the Geomarketing database.

To begin using the element, first go to the **General** \> **ONT Configuration** page and configure the file import and export settings. This configuration must be the same as defined in the **Skyline EPM Platform** solution.

Once this is done, go to **General** \> **Database Configuration** and configure the connection to the Geomarketing database.

Finally, on the **General** page, the **Load Time** parameter must be configured.This parameter will indicate the exact time the element will load the files generated by the EPM Solution and proceed to query the Geomarketing database. This parameter must be filled in using a 24-hour time format: HH:MM.

## How to use

On the **General** page, you can enable or disable the queries to the database. You can also see the results of each individual query or send queries on demand to retrieve information regarding the available **Subscribers** and **Splits**.

On the **Queries** page, you can find the **Query Registration** table. This table keeps a record of the queries that have been performed.
