---
uid: Connector_help_Teleste_HDM100_-_AC8800
---

# Teleste HDM100 - AC8800

The AC8800 is an intelligent dual active output node for deep fiber solutions. It has two fixed optical receivers with redundancy for the forward path. The return path can also be fully redundant with double optical transmitter modules.

This connector is exported from the [Teleste HDM100](xref:Connector_help_Teleste_HDM100) connector, from version **1.0.1.57** onwards.

## About

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.1.x   | 3.3.6                  |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.1.x   | No                  | No                      | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

This connector is exported from the [Teleste HDM100](xref:Connector_help_Teleste_HDM100) connector and as such requires no connection configuration.

### Initialization

No additional configuration is required when a new element is created.

### Redundancy

No redundancy is defined in the connector.

### Web Interface

There is no web interface available for this device. The device can be accessed through the CATVisor Commander software.

## How to Use

This connector is automatically generated by the connector [Teleste HDM100](xref:Connector_help_Teleste_HDM100), range 1.0.1.x. As such, no data traffic can be seen in **Stream Viewer** for this element.

This device is polled, together with all other modules, in a separate thread in the Teleste HDM100 main element. To see when the module was last polled, refer to the timestamps in the HFC Devices table on the Module Overview page of the parent element.

The element created with this connector consists of the following data pages:

- **General**: Displays general properties of the module, such as the name, location, software versions, available advanced functions, etc.
- **Status**: Displays important information such as the temperature of the module and the voltages supplied to the module.
- **Transponder**: Contains the status and configuration parameters related to the installed transponder/modem.
- **Alarms**: Allows you to set up analog and discrete alarm limits. Also displays the current alarm values for each analog and discrete alarm limit.
- **Forward Path**: Contains the status and configuration parameters for the forward path function of the device.
- **Return Path**: Contains the status and configuration parameters for the return path function of the device. A subpage displays the general pilot generator and individual pilot generator settings.
- **Spectrum**: Displays the measured spectrum values from the device, together with spectrum configuration settings. The **Spectrum Polling** parameter is a local parameter used to control whether the spectrum analyser table should be polled or not. The **Spectrum Import** subpage allows you to import spectrum measurement points, via a CSV file that is parsed locally and updates the spectrum measurement points on the device. This CSV file should be tab-separated and should contain the following columns: MHz, Type (A for analog or D for digital), LoLimit and HiLimit.
- **Ingress**: Displays the measured ingress values from the device, together with ingress configuration settings. The **Ingress Polling** parameter is a local parameter used to control whether the ingress analyser table should be polled or not. The **Ingress Import** subpage allows you to import ingress measurement points, via a CSV file that is parsed locally and updates the ingress measurement points on the device. This CSV file should be tab-separated and should contain the following columns: MHz, Type (Q for QAM or P for PAL), HiLimit and HIHILimit.
