---
uid: Connector_help_Teleste_HDC100_TSEMP_-_HDO203
---

# Teleste HDC100 TSEMP - HDO203

The HDO203 is a dual receiver for return path (upstream) fiberoptic links.

The connector is used to monitor and configure receiver and node parameters of the HDO203 modules.

## About

The connector uses a **serial** connection to retrieve and configure the information of the device. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector [Teleste HDC100 TSEMP](xref:Connector_help_Teleste_HDC100_TSEMP), range 3.1.0.x.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 3.1.0.x          | SW version 1.73             |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page displays module identification and statistics data. In addition, it also displays the Fan Status, Temperature and Alarm Control Detection information. The Alarm Control Detection parameters can also be configured on this page.

Via the **Alarm Limits HDO203** page button, you can access a subpage with the alarm limits, statuses and severity settings for the monitored parameters. This subpage contains the **Analog Alarm Limits** and **Discrete Alarm Limits** tables.

- For **analog** parameters, the thresholds and the statuses can be configured:

- **HIHI**: High major alarm limit.
  - **HI**: High minor alarm limit.
  - **LO**: Low minor alarm limit.
  - **LOLO**: Low major alarm limit.
  - **Deadband**: Specifies how much the measured value has to be on the "safe" side of the alarm limit before the alarm is deactivated.
  - **Unit**: Unit of the measured parameter.

- For **discrete** parameters, the alarm severity can be configured as **Major**, **Minor**, **Notification** or **Disabled**.

### Node 1

This page displays the information received from fiber node 1 (AC810 / AC800 FTTLA) via the HDO203 integrated data receiver.

### Node 2

This page displays the information received from fiber node 2 (AC810 / AC800 FTTLA) via the HDO203 integrated data receiver.

### Optical

This page displays all HDO203 optics-related settings and measurements. The page is divided into two similar sections, "Receiver 1" and "Receiver 2".

### RF

This page displays all HDO203 RF-related settings and measurements. The page is divided into two similar sections, "Receiver 1" and "Receiver 2".
