---
uid: Connector_help_Telefonia_por_Cable_S.A_de_C.V._Geomarketing_DB
---

# Telefonia por Cable S.A de C.V. Geomarketing DB

The Telefonica por Cable S.A de C.V. Geomarketing DB protocol can be used to retrieve information related to the passives from the Geomarketing Database.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Key Features**                                                                                | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Initial version. Retrieves information related to the nodes, amplifiers, taps, and subscribers. | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | \-                     |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | Skyline EPM Platform  | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Virtual connection

This driver uses a virtual connection and does not require any input during element creation.

### Initialization

For a Telefonica por Cable S.A de C.V. Geomarketing DB element to function, the **Skyline EPM Platform** solution must be installed in the DataMiner cluster. The EPM solution creates files that are required in order to query the Geomarketing Database.

To begin using the Telefonica por Cable S.A de C.V. Geomarketing DB element, first go to the **General** \> **CPE Configuration** page of the element and configure the file import and export settings. This configuration must be the same as defined in the **Skyline EPM Platform** solution.

Once this is done, go to **General** \> **Database Configuration** and configure the connection to the Geomarketing Database.

Finally, on the **General** page, the **Load Time** parameter must be configured.This parameter will indicate the exact time the element will load the files generated by the EPM solution and proceed to query the Geomarketing Database. This parameter must be filled in with a 24-hour time format: HH:MM.

## How to use

On the **General** page, you can enable or disable the queries to the database. You can also see the results of each individual query there, or send queries on demand to retrieve information about subscribers, nodes, amplifiers or taps available in the system.

In the **Queries** page, you can find the **Query Registration** table. This table keeps a record of the queries that have been performed.

The results of the queries can be found on the Node, Amplifier, Tap and Subscriber pages.
