---
uid: Connector_help_Vector_Boostral_7920_Manager_Child
---

# Vector Boostral 7920 Manager Child

This connector is used to monitor and control the Vector Boostral 7920 Manager Child card.

It is used as a monitor for all parameters associated with a certain device. The parameters of these devices are polled in a sequential manner. This means that if one device goes into timeout, all devices must wait until all parameters have timed out before the parameters of the next device are polled.

## About

An **SNMP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information of the device.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Vector Boostral 7920 Manager**.

### Product Info

| **Connector Version** | **Device Firmware Version** |
|--------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x            | Unknown                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element [Vector Boostral 7920 Manager](xref:Connector_help_Vector_Boostral_7920_Manager). No user input is required.

## Usage

### General

This page contains general **configuration settings** and a page button that links to a window where you can find three kinds of **power voltages**.

### Optical

This page contains two panels. The **Receiver** panel shows optical power information, whereas the **Transmitter** panel displays the state of each transmitter.

### Forward And Return

This page contains user-defined settings for different kinds of attenuation, as well as low and high thresholds.

### Modem

This page contains four tables with information regarding the modem device to which they are connected.
