---
uid: Connector_help_VodafoneZiggo_Witbe_Maestro_-_Device
---

# VodafoneZiggo Witbe Maestro - Device

This DVE represents a single device that is connected to a Witbe robot managed by a Witbe Maestro.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | \-                     |

## Configuration

The element using this connector is automatically generated by the parent connector [VodafoneZiggo Witbe Maestro](xref:Connector_help_VodafoneZiggo_Witbe_Maestro).

### Initialization

To make sure test result traces can be forwarded to elements with the *Skyline SmartRec Application* protocol, configure the **Message Forward** parameter on the **Configuration** page. The parameter needs to contain the DMA ID, element ID and parameter ID of the other element, e.g. "24492/640/90". If no forwarding is needed, the parameter must be cleared.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

## How to use

These elements are automatically created based on the robots that are managed by the Maestro. All communication happens through the [VodafoneZiggo Witbe Maestro](xref:Connector_help_VodafoneZiggo_Witbe_Maestro) parent connector, which communicates with the Maestro.

The **General** page of the DVE contains information about the device itself and the robot that is controlling it.

The **Tests** page contains all past, currently running and future tests for this device. You can add a new test via the **Add Test** button.

For an overview of test scenarios available to the device, go to the **Scenario** **Instances** page.
