---
uid: Connector_help_Williams_Sound_LoopGuardian_-_Amplifier
---

# Williams Sound LoopGuardian - Amplifier

The **Williams Sound LoopGuardian - Amplifier** connector enables the user to control and monitor individual device (DVE) settings.

## About

An **HTTP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the information of the device.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Williams Sound LoopGuardian** (range 1.0.0.x).

### Product Info

| **Connector Version** | **Device Firmware Version** |
|--------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x            | 0.10.3                      |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage

### General Device Information

In this page, general information about this device is present under the section **Device Information**. This page also includes all the **Digi Loop Series Firmware Versions** for the particular device. For example, **Main CPU Firmware Version, Bootloader Version** etc.

Use the **Amplifier Status** page button to learn key status and **Temperature** related information regarding the **Loop A (Amplifier 1), Loop B (Amplifier 2)**.

### Global Controls

This page consists of **User Presets** table and **Loop Information** table. In the **User Presets** table, the user will be able to make various changes to **User Preset IDs** such as changing the **Preset Name**, enable/disable it's display on user interface and saving the configuration. Apart from these, some key system configuration information like **Sleep Delay Time, Priority Input Control** and **Network IP Address Assignment** are present here. Furthermore, the user will be able to change and monitor **Loop Operating Mode** and **Headphone Output Volume** related settings under the **Global Controls Information** section.

The user can also choose to **Reboot** the device by clicking on the **Reboot** button.

### Input Channel Controls

On this page, the user will be able to monitor and control **General Input, Equalizer Input** and **Compressor Input** Channel Controls for this particular device.

### Output Channel Controls

Similar to the **Input Channel Controls** page, the user will be able to monitor and control **General Output, Equalizer Output** and **AGC Output** Channel Controls for this particular device.

### Connection Information

This page consists of the important **Network Information** related to **Ethernet Interface, Multi-Loop Monitor** and **Dante Interface.**
