---
uid: Connector_help_WISI_Optopus_Ext_Transmitter
---

# WISI Optopus Ext Transmitter

The **WISI Optopus Ext Transmitter** LX10 is a longhaul broadcast transmitter card. With this SNMP driver, you can control and monitor the parameters of the card incorporated in the chassis of the **WISI Optopus**.

With the WISI Optopus platform, any module can be mounted into any slot, so that fully customized individual configuration is possible, specific to the intended application.

Every card inserted into one of the 14 slots will generate its own individual **Dynamic Virtual Element** (**DVE**)when this option is enabled.

This driver is automatically generated by the driver WISI Optopus.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features**                                                    | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x              | Initial version.                                                    | \-           | \-                |
| 1.0.1.x \[SLC Main\] | Cassandra compliant. Removed use of displayColumn and renamed DVEs. | 1.0.0.x      | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 1.12                   |
| 1.0.1.x   | 1.12                   |

## Configuration

The element using this driver is automatically generated by the parent driver [WISI Optopus](xref:Connector_help_WISI_Optopus).

### Initialization

No extra configuration is needed.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

### Web Interface

The web interface is only accessible when the client machine has network access to the product.

## How to use

The element created with this driver consists of the following data pages:

- **Ext Transmitter**: General information about the card.
- **Transmitter Laser Network**: Information about the optical laser and about the network settings of the card.
- **Transmitter Voltages Fan PSU**: Information about the PSU, Fan, and power supply of the card.
- **Alarms**: General configuration and overview of the current alarms and alarm log.
- **Alarm Configuration**: Configuration of each of the alarms related to this card.
