---
uid: Connector_help_WISI_General_Platform_-_CD80A
---

# WISI General Platform - CD80A

The **WISI General Platform - CD80A** is used to monitor and control CD80A transceiver modules in a WISI General Platform chassis.

## About

With the **WISI General Platform - CD80A**, any module can be mounted into any slot, so that fully customized individual configurations are possible, specific to the intended application.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is automatically generated by the parent connector **WISI General Platform**, range 1.0.0.X.

## Usage

### Info

This page displays general information about the device, including:

- **Device Name**: The identity string of the optical node transceiver.
- **Software Version**: The version of the software running on the device.
- **Inventory Data**: The non-volatile memory for use by the operator.

### Alarm Settings

This page displays the alarm settings applied to the device.

- **Settings Table:** Table containing information on the thresholds and values for the properties that can cause an alarm to be generated by the device.

### Channel 1 TX / Channel 2 TX

This page allows you to monitor and control specific TX settings for both channels of the transceiver equipment:

- **Laser Mode**: The mode of the laser switch.
- **Laser State**: The current state of the optical transmitter.
- **Modulation Index**: The modulation index of the optical transmitter.
- **Pilot Generator**: The pilot generator switch of the optical transmitter.

### RX

This page allows you to monitor and control specific RX settings for the transceiver equipment:

- **Rx Slope**: The downstream slope.
- **Output Level Offset**: The variation of the output level.
- **Stand Alone Mode**: The mode of the transceiver (with or without AB module).
