---
uid: Connector_help_WISI_General_Platform_-_CD72N
---

# WISI General Platform - CD72N

The **WISI General Platform - CD72N** is used to monitor and control CD72N modules in a WISI General Platform chassis.

## About

With the **WISI General Platform - CD72N**, any module can be mounted into any slot, so that fully customized individual configurations are possible, specific to the intended application.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is automatically generated by the parent connector **WISI General Platform**, range 1.0.0.X.

## Usage

### Info

This page displays general information about the device, including:

- **Serial Number**: The device serial number.
- **Software Version**: The version of the software running on the device.
- **Inventory Data**: The non-volatile memory for use by the operator.
- **Reset**: Allows you to reset the controller.
- **Factory Reset**: Allows you to execute a factory reset of the optical node transceiver, returning its settings to default values.
- **Interval Time**: The time between successive synchronization cycles of the controller.
- **Synchronize**: Allows you to perform a synchronization of the controller.

### Alarm Settings

This page displays the alarm settings applied to the device.

- **Alarm Settings**: Table containing information on the thresholds and values for the properties that can cause an alarm to be generated by the device.
