---
uid: Connector_help_WISI_Tangram_GT21
---

# WISI Tangram GT21

The **WISI Tangram GT21** connector is used to monitor and control the Tangram GT21W module. The GT21W is a high-performance edge, which allows you to add up to 6 services in PAL/SECAM/NTSC format per module to your network.

## About

This connector is automatically generated by the connector WISI Tangram range 1.0.0.x and 1.0.1.x.

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | 1.00.0.00                   |
| 1.0.1.x          | 1.00.0.00 2.3               |
| 1.1.0.x          | 1.00.0.00 2.3               |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the connector [WISI Tangram](xref:Connector_help_WISI_Tangram).

## Usage

### General

This page contains general information, such as the **DVE Name**, **Type**, **HW Version** and **Communication Status**, which displays if the module is *Ok* or in *Timeout*, or if the wrong IP address is configured.

### Input/Output

Every supported module type of the Tangram has an **Input** and **Output** table.

### Networking

This page contains the settings for the management interfaces for the GT11. All IP traffic for GT11 management occurs via the Management port.

### SNMP

This page allows you to manage the SNMP settings.

### HMS

On this page, you can manage groups of modules. Modules included in the same group can share PSI/SI information to be able to create correct DVB network-wide PSI/SI structure.

### Date and Time

This page allows you to connect to time reference sources for the GT11.

### Logging

This page displays log information.

### Webpage

This page displays the web interface of the device. Note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.
