---
uid: Connector_help_Witbe_Experience_Center
---

# Witbe Experience Center

**Witbe Experience Center** is a monitoring platform that facilitates management of Witbe Robots.

## About

This connector is used to receive and manage all the traps generated by **Witbe Experience Center**.

### Version Info

| Range | Description | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant |
|----------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Unknown                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### SNMP Main Connection

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.

SNMP Settings:

- **IP port**: The IP port of the device.
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device, by default *public*.
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device, by default *private*.

## Usage

### General

This page contains the **Alarms** table, which displays all alarms that have been received.

It also contains a page button, **Auto Clear**, that provides access to a subpage where the following parameters can be configured:

- **Maximum Number of Alarms**
- **Maximum Age of Alarms**
- **Remove Cleared Alarms:** If this is enabled, alarms are automatically removed from the Alarms table when they are cleared.

In addition, the page contains the following buttons:

- **Delete Cleared Alarms**: Deletes all cleared alarms from the table
- **Delete All Alarms**: Deletes all alarms in the table.

### Web Interface

This page displays web interface of the platform. Note that the client machine has to be able to access the platform, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.
