---
uid: Connector_help_WuT_57734
---

# WuT 57734

The **WuT 57734** is designed for installation in a control cabinet. The device combines the functionality of a Web-IO 12x6 digital switching signals can be controlled, acquired and monitored over TCP/IP Ethernet.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range**            | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|----------------------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| **Range** | **Supported Firmware** |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 1.24 OS:1.38           |

### System Info

| **Range** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** | **Linked Components** | **Exported Components** |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### SNMP Main Connection

This driver uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

**SNMP CONNECTION:**

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.

**SNMP Settings:**

- **IP port**: The IP port of the device.
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device. (default: public)
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device. (default: private)

### Initialization

In order to be able to set a new value on the device, the **Session Control Password**, under the **Session Control** page button, must be set. Default is *0*.

### Web Interface

This page can be used to access the web interface of the device. Note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.

## How to Use

This driver uses SNMP to display information from the device and to allow the user to configure the device.
