---
uid: Connector_help_WuT_57631
---

# WuT 57631

The **WuT 57631** configures I/O terminals and serial interfaces directly to Ethernet-TCP/IP, with only one device. The device combines the functionality of a Web-IO 12x digital with that of a serial Com-Server in a single housing.

## About

This connector uses SNMP to display information from the device and to allow the user to configure the device.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |

### Product Info

| Range | Supported Firmware Version |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Unknown                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### SNMP main connection

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

**SNMP CONNECTION**:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device e.g. *10.11.12.13.*

**SNMP Settings**:

- **Port number**: The port of the connected device, by default *161.*
- **Get community string**: The community string in order to read from the device. The default value is *public*.
- **Set community string**: The community string in order to set to the device. The default value is *private.*

## Usage

### Input

This page provides an overview of the inputs of the device.

### Ports Input

On this page, you can configure the ports for the different inputs.

### Output

This page provides an overview of the outputs of the device.

### Ports Output

On this page, you can configure the ports for the different outputs.

### Network

On this page, you can configure the network settings for the device.

Several page buttons are available:

- **System Log:** Displays the settings for the system logging.
- **UDP:** Allows you to configure if UDP is enabled and to configure the port for the UDP transmission.
- **FTP:** Displays the FTP settings for the transmission.
- **Mail:** Displays the settings for the mail service of the device.

### Binary

This page displays the settings for the different transmissions for all of the **Binary Modes**.

### Session Control

This page displays the parameters for the sessions.

### Alarm

This page displays an overview of the configuration of the different alarms.

### Manufacturer and Diagnosis

This page displays information on the manufacturer and the diagnosis of errors.

### Time Zone

On this page, you can set the time and date for the daylight saving time.

### Web Interface

This page can be used to access the web interface of the device. Note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.
