---
uid: Connector_help_WuT_57637
---

# WuT 57637

The connector is an SNMP based connector used to monitor and configure the WuT 57637.

## About

The WuT 57637 configures I/O terminals and serial interface directly to Ethernet-TCP/IP, with only one device.
This device combines the functionality of a Web-IO 2x digital with that of a serial Com-Server in a single housing.

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (**SNMP**) connection and needs following user information:

**SNMP CONNECTION**:

- **IP address/host**: the polling IP of the device e.g. *10.11.12.13*

**SNMP Settings**:

- **Port number**: the port of the connected device, default *161*
- **Get community string**: the community string in order to read from the device. The default value is *public*.
- **Set community string**: the community string in order to set to the device. The default value is *private.*

## Usage

### Input

This page gives you an overview about the inputs of the device.

### Input Ports

This page is used to configure the ports for the different inputs.

### Output

This page gives you an overview about the outputs of the device.

### Output Ports

This page is used to configure the ports for the different outputs.

### Network

On this page you can configure the network settings for the device.
This page contains four page buttons

- **System Log:** Contains the settings on the system logging.
- **UDP:** You can set if UDP is enabled and the port for the UDP transmission
- **FTP:** The FTP settings for the transmission
- **Mail:** The settings for the mail service of the device.

### Session Control

This page shows the parameters for the sessions.

### Manufacturer and Diagnosis

This page shows the information on the manufacturer and the diagnosis from the errors.

### Timezone

Sets the time and date for the summer and winter time.

This page contains two page buttons:

- **Clock:** Contains the settings for the clock that will be taken into account for the time settings.
- **Time Server:** Settings for the time server.

### Web Interface

This page can be used to access the **web interface** of the device.
