---
uid: Connector_help_Ziggo_Spider_Incidents
---

# Ziggo Spider Incidents

This is a virtual protocol that is used as a **Ticketing System** for the **Asset Spider** project.

## About

This connector can catch incoming tickets via a parameter set. A possible source of tickets is the **Skyline VOD Workflow Application**. The only communication method used is inter-element communication.

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Description** | **DCF Integration** | **Cassandra Compliant** |
|------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x          | Initial version | No                  | Yes                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

This connector uses a **virtual connection** and does not require any input during element creation.

### Configuration of Profiles

When you have created an element with this protocol, you will first need to configure profiles. These profiles will be used to determine if an incoming asset will result in a ticket in the Open Incidents Table or not. For more information, refer to the "Profiles" section below.

### Configuration of Trap Updates

When you have created an element with this protocol, you will also need to configure the IP address of the DMA to which you want to send the traps.

## Usage

### Open Incidents

This page contains an overview of the open incidents. The **Number of Open Incidents** represents the number of incidents stored in the **Open Incident Table**.

The table has the following columns:

- **ID**: This ID depends on the type of incident:

- Asset: For Asset issues, it is the asset ID from VoD Workflow Application.
  - Provider: For provider issues, it is the Provider ID, with an auto-incremented number.
  - Platform: For platform issues, it is the Platform Name (VoD or SmartREC), with an auto-incremented number.

- **Received On**: Indicates when the incident was received and subsequently stored in the table.

- **Last Updated On**: Indicates when the incident was last updated in this table.

- **Type**: The type of the Incident. The possibilities are: *Asset*, *Provider*, or *Platform*.

- **Event Name:** The generated name of the incident.

- **Comment:** A comment related to the incident. Users can update this value, and an update of this comment will also be communicated to SAM. When creating a Manual Platform or Manual Provider Ticket, the user already needs to supply a ticket in a pop-up box.

- **Ticket Data**: The ticket data of the incident, i.e. a list of issues, generated by the Incident Driver.

- **Ticket Creation**: Indicates how this ticket was created: automatically or manually.

- **Sent To SAM**: Indicates whether the incident was sent to SAM.

- **Incident ID**: The ID received from USMS.

### Closed Incidents

This page contains an overview of the closed incidents. The **Number of Closed Incidents** represents the number of incidents stored in the **Closed Incident Table**.

When **open incidents** are closed and the incidents are **deleted** from the **Open Incident Table** as a consequence, the connector will not remove the data, but instead store the most important data in this table.

This table has the following columns:

- **AIKey:** Auto-incremented key of this row in the Closed Incident Table.
- **Incident ID:** Incident ID of this incident, which is now closed.
- **Incident Table ID:** ID that this incident had in the Open Incident Table.
- **Closed On:** When the incident was closed and subsequently stored in this table.
- **Display Key:** Display key of this closed incident, to provide the user with a human-readable key.

### Profiles

Incidents will be automatically created by means of profiles. When the VoD Workflow Application sends information on an asset, the Incident connector will decide to put it in the Incident Table if the matched profile confirms that an incident should be created for this issue. A profile contains all detectable issues and determines whether the occurrence of an issue will trigger a ticket. A toggle button for each type of issue is implemented. For example, when the profile has "ADI Issue = yes" and "Movie issue = yes", the incident will be created in the Incident Table when an asset has an ADI issue or when it has a Movie issue.

There are three levels of profiles:

- **A Default Profile:** Fixed. Cannot be added or deleted.
- **A Provider Profile:** This can be added by a user. A provider is identified with the Provider ID, so this makes it unique.
- **An Offering Profile:** This can be added by a user. An offering always belongs to a particular provider, so the combination of Provider ID and Billing ID makes this unique.

In order to find the applicable profile for an asset, the connector first looks for a matching offering profile to apply. If there is none, the connector will search for a provider profile that can be applied. If there is no provider profile either, the default profile (which is always there), will be used.

Note that only automatically created tickets need to pass this filter, manually created tickets can bypass this check.

#### Context Menu

When you right-click the table, several options are available in the context menu:

- **Add New Provider Profile:** A new Provider profile will be added after you specify the Provider ID. All issue settings will be set to *False*, the default value.
- **Add New Offering Profile:** A new Offering profile will be added after you specify the Provider ID and Billing ID. All issue settings will be set to *False*, the default value.
- **Duplicate Settings to New Provider Profile:** A new Provider profile will be added after you specify the Provider ID. Settings of the issues will be copied from the selected profile.
- **Duplicate Settings to New Offering Profile:** A new Offering profile will be added after you specify the Provider ID and Billing ID. Settings of the issues will be copied from the selected profile.

### Temporary Page

This is a temporary page that will be omitted in future versions.

On the left-hand side of this page, you can manually assign an Incident ID to an incident in the Open Incident Table. This can be done to simulate the case where it will be received from the USMS. Fill in the **Open Incident Table ID** and **To Be Assigned Incident ID** and click on **Assign Incident ID**. The parameters **Assign Report** and **Last Assignment Tried on** will also be updated during the execution of this method.

On the right-hand side, you can manually close an Open Incident. Fill in the **To Be Closed Incident ID** and click on **Close Incident**. The parameters **Close Report** and **Last Close Tried on** will also be updated during the execution of this method.

### Configuration

To make sure that incoming assets cannot lead to an endlessly growing table, you should configure a **Maximum Number of Stored Open Incidents** (set to 1000 by default). To avoid that open incidents disappear when this limit is reached, instead of deleting old open incidents, the connector will not store any new incidents. This way, the system of open and closed incidents stays intact. If the maximum capacity of the **Open Incident Table** is almost reached, you will be informed of this via the parameter **Usage of Open Incident Table Storage Space.** If this percentage is higher than e.g. 80%, you should consider re-evaluating the profiles that influence the creation of incidents or the Maximum Number of Stored Open Incidents.

You can also choose to enable **Detailed Logging.** This does not change the functionality of the connector, but will only provide details about the flow of the connector in the logs of the file. This option can also be used for debugging purposes. In operational environments this setting should be disabled.

The page also offers the possibility to **Show Confirmation of a Manual Ticket.** If you enable this, a confirmation is displayed to the user when a manual ticket is successfully created. If the manual creation fails, a pop-up will always be displayed, regardless of this setting.

Finally, the **SAM IP Address** can also be configured. Via traps, the SAM DMA is informed about new, updated or closed tickets in this connector. Only valid IPv4 addresses are accepted.
