---
uid: Connector_help_Ziggo_CPE_WiFi_Offload
---

# Ziggo CPE WiFi Offload

The **Ziggo CPE WiFi Offload** connector is used to create a virtual element that collects the CSV files generated by the **Ziggo CPE WiFi Collector** connector and compresses them into a zip or gzip file.

## About

The **Ziggo CPE WiFi Collector** elements on a DMA periodically generate CSV files in a specified folder. The **Ziggo CPE WiFi Offload** element retrieves those files at a fixed interval (by default 15 minutes), compresses them into a zip file and moves that zip file to a specified location. A third-party tool is used for the collecting and deleting of the zip files.

### Version Info

| Range | Description | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant |
|----------------------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x \[SLC Main\] | Initial range   | No                  | Yes                     |

## Installation and configuration

### Creation

#### Virtual connection

This connector uses a virtual connection and does not require any input during element creation.

## Usage

### General

This page displays only four parameters:

- **CSV Location**: The connector will look for CSV files in this folder. The CSV files will be deleted after they are processed. The default folder is *C:\CSVOffload.*

- **Offload Location**: The folder where the zip files will be stored. It is assumed that the third-party tool removes the files when they have been processed. Default: *C:\AAPOffload.*

- **Offload Interval:** The interval at which the zip files are compressed and stored. The default value is 15 minutes.

- **Archive Format**: The format used for compression, with two options:

- *ZIP*
  - *GZIP:* If this option is selected, the **ZIP Filename Suffix** (see below) will not be taken into account, as the output file will have the exact same name as the original one.

- **ZIP Filename Suffix:** The last part of the zip filename - only applicable if **Archive Format** is set to *ZIP*.
  The name of the zip file will consist of the date and time of its creation, the DataMiner ID of the Agent where it was processed and the specified filename suffix, combined as follows: *\[datetime\]\_\[dmaId\]\_\[suffix\].zip*
