---
uid: Creating_a_service_template
---

# Creating a service template

To create a new service template, right-click a view in the Surveyor, and select *New \> Service template*.

This will open a service template card, with the following 9 tabs:

- **General**: Contains the general characteristics of a service template. See [Specifying general characteristics of a service template](xref:ST_specifying_general_characteristics).

- **Input data**: Allows you to add and configure the template’s input data. See [Specifying the input data for a service template](xref:ST_specifying_input_data).

- **Groups**: Allows you to specify groups for child elements in the service template. See [Using groups of service template child elements](xref:ST_using_groups_of_child_elements).

- **Child elements**: Allows you to specify which child elements should be included in the service template. See [Creating child elements in service templates](xref:ST_creating_child_elements).

- **Generated service**: Allows you to configure several characteristics of the services generated by the service template. See [Determining the characteristics of generated services](xref:ST_Determining_characteristics_generated_service).

- **RCA**: Allows you to configure the relationship between the elements in the generated services. See [Specifying root cause information in a service template](xref:ST_Specifying_root_cause_info).

- **Generated SLA**: Allows you to configure a possible SLA for the generated services. See [Specifying an SLA in a service template](xref:ST_specifying_an_sla).

- **View**: Allows you to specify the destination view for the template and the services it generates. See [Specifying the destination view of a service template](xref:ST_specifying_the_destination_view).

- **Advanced**: Allows you to specify the order in which child elements and input data will be selected when the service is generated. See [Specifying the order to select data in a service template](xref:ST_specifying_the_order_to_select_data).

For an example of how to create a service template, see [Example of creating a service template](xref:ST_example_ST_creation)

> [!NOTE]
> To configure the service template, you do not have to follow a fixed order. You can for instance first configure a child element in the *Child elements* tab, then configure input data in the *Input data* tab, and then change the child element you created earlier to use this input data.
