---
uid: Managing_service_templates
---

# Managing service templates

Via the Surveyor right-click menu, or using the buttons in the [Service Templates module](#using-the-service-templates-module), you can take the following actions to manage service templates and the corresponding generated services:

## Editing a service template

After a service template has been created, you can change its configuration by right-clicking it in the Surveyor and selecting *Edit*. You will then have the same configuration options as during the creation of the service template.

In addition, if you want all services generated with the service template to be updated automatically, you can select the option *Auto-update existing services* at the bottom of the window. In that case the *Background Tasks* window will appear when you save, allowing you to follow the progress of the update.

> [!NOTE]
> If you just want to rename a service template, you can do so by right-clicking the template and selecting *Rename*.

## Exporting a service template

It is possible to export a service template as a CSV file. To do so:

1. Right-click the service template in the Surveyor, and select *Export configuration*.

1. Browse to the location where you want to save the export, specify a file name, and click *Save*.

## Reapplying a service template

When a service has been generated by a service template, it is possible to reapply the service template afterwards. To do so:

1. Right-click the service in the Surveyor and select *Service template* > *Re-apply*.

   A card will be opened with an overview of the selected input parameters and elements that were used the previous time the service template was applied.

1. If you want to leave those settings as they are, click *Keep settings*. The service template will then be applied. Otherwise, click *Modify settings*.

1. If you chose to modify the settings, do so in the next window, and then click *Next* to apply the service template.

## Detaching a generated service from a service template

It is possible to detach generated services from the service template they were created with, for instance to keep them from being automatically updated when the service template is modified. To do so:

1. Right-click the service in the Surveyor and select *Service template* > *Detach*.

1. Click *OK* to confirm.

## Duplicating a templated service

When you duplicate a service that was generated by a service template, more options are available than when you duplicate a regular service.

Right-clicking a templated service in the Surveyor and selecting *Duplicate* provides access to two more options:

- *As templated service*: Creates a templated service based on the original service.

- *As regular service*: Creates a regular service with data based on the original service, but not linked to the service template.

## Using the Service Templates module

All service template functionality available in the Surveyor can also be found in the dedicated Service Template module. If you need to manage several service templates, the module will provide more oversight over the available options than the menus in the Surveyor.

To access the module:

- In DataMiner Cube, go to *Apps* > *Service Templates*.

The module consist of two tabs: *service templates* and *generated services*.

In the *service templates* tab, you can:

- Use the buttons at the bottom to open, create, edit, delete, duplicate, apply and export a service template.

- Use the right-click menu to apply the same options as with the buttons, as well as open a service template in a new docked or undocked card.

In the generated services tab, you can:

- Use the buttons at the bottom to open, view, re-apply or detach a generated service.

- Use the right-click menu of a generated service to apply the same options as with the buttons.
