---
uid: DIS_3.1
---

# DIS 3.1

## DIS 3.1.4

### New features

#### Validator

DIS now uses

- [Validator version 1.1.11](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/Skyline.DataMiner.CICD.Validators/releases/tag/1.1.11)
- [Skyline.DataMiner.XmlSchemas.Protocol version 1.0.7](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/Skyline.DataMiner.XmlSchemas/releases/tag/1.0.7)

### Changes

#### Enhancements

##### Unobserved task exception event in SLDisDmaComm will no longer cause the exception to be thrown [ID 41198]

Up to now, when an unobserved task exception event occurred in SLDisDmaComm, the event handler code would log the event and throw an exception so the process would end. As this event could occur when e.g. publishing to a DaaS system, from now on, the unobserved exception will be logged, but no exception will be thrown anymore.

#### Fixes

##### Column widths would not be consistent across cultures [ID 40737]

In DIS, the table editor automatically detects and suggests a width for a column based on its description and the values it will contain.

Up to now, the column width calculation was incorrectly based on the current culture. From now on, it will use invariant culture instead. As a result, column widths will be more consistent across cultures.

##### Generating parameters from MIB files: Inconsistent column parameter descriptions [ID 41190]

When parameters were generated from MIB files, up to now, the description of the table would not be consistent with the descriptions of its column parameters. From now on, table and column parameter descriptions will be consistent.

## DIS 3.1.3

### New features

#### IDE

##### Synchronization of solution folders [ID 39976]

When you are using the Skyline templates for Visual Studio, certain folders can be found both in the Windows file explorer and the Visual Studio solution explorer. However, in a Visual Studio solution, the folders are so-called solution folders, virtual folders that do not have a physical counterpart in the Windows file explorer.

When, in Visual Studio, you add a file to a solution folder, only a reference to that file will be added to the solution folder. The actual file will be added in the root directory of the solution. As a result, you may end up in a situation where everything seems correct in the solution explorer of Visual Studio while the physical solution folders in Windows file explorer are out of sync.

In the *Interface* tab of the *DIS Settings* windows, you can now enable the *Automatically sync solution folders* setting. If you do so, the physical solution folders will automatically be synchronized whenever you add, move or delete a file in the solution explorer.

Also, a button has now been added to the solution explorer that will allow you to manually trigger a folder synchronization.

##### DIS now also supports Arm64 [ID 40139]

DIS can now also be installed and run on 64-bit ARM platforms.

##### DIS macros now support the use of ValueTuples [ID 40297]

From now on, it will be possible to execute DIS macros using ValueTuples.

#### Validator

DIS now uses [Validator version 1.1.10](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/Skyline.DataMiner.CICD.Validators/releases/tag/1.1.10).

### Changes

#### Enhancements

##### QAction log entries will now be interpolated strings [ID 40178]

All snippets and all templates in the DIS plugins have been updated so that all QAction log entries will now be interpolated strings.

##### Evertz plugin now supports additional types [ID 40689]

To Evertz plugin has now been extended to also support the *JSONTree*, *JSONTest*, and *ExpandedHiTable* widgets.

#### Fixes

##### Macros: References to PresentationFramework and PresentationCore would no longer be added correctly [ID 40297]

When you edited a macro, references to PresentationFramework and PresentationCore would no longer be added correctly. This has now been fixed.

##### Incorrect indentation in code and files generated by DIS [ID 40179]

In code and files generated by DIS, in some cases, the indentation would not be correct.

From now on, in all code and files it generates, DIS will use tab indentation, which is the default indentation that is set in the editor settings of all connector and Automation script solutions.
