---
uid: DIS_2.28
---

# DIS 2.28

## New features

### IDE

#### C# projects generated by DIS now target Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6.2 \[ID_26054\]

All C# projects generated by DIS now target Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6.2.

> [!NOTE]
> If the Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6.2 SDK cannot be found when you update DIS, it will automatically be installed.

#### XML editor: New snippet \[ID_26253\]

In the C# editor, the following snippet allows you to add generic SNMP system parameters (System Name, System Uptime, etc.).

- DIS \> Protocol \> Param \> SNMP System Params

### XML Schema

#### Protocol Schema: New elements and element attributes \[ID_26255\]\[ID_26307\]

The following elements and element attributes have been added to the Protocol XML Schema:

- Protocol.Compliancies.MaximumSupportedVersion
- Protocol.Params.Param.Measurement.Discreets@matrixLayout

> [!NOTE]
> The Protocol.Compliancies.MaximumSupportedVersion element contains the most recent DataMiner version supported by the protocol in question. Format: “A.B.C.D” or “A.B.C.D - Buildnumber” (e.g. 9.6.13.0 or 9.6.13.0 - 8820)

## Changes

### Enhancements

#### IDE - Automation scripts: Class Library EXE block will now be added at the top of the script \[ID_26325\]

Up to now, when DIS generated the EXE block with the Class Library code, it would add that block at the end of the Automation script. From now on, it will add it at the top of the script. That way, other precompiled EXE blocks will also be able to make use of the Class Library code it contains.

Also, the generated Class Library EXE block will now be assigned an ID in the 63000 range. Up to now, it would be assigned the first available ID starting from 1.

#### Enhanced performance when developing DataMiner protocols as Visual Studio solutions \[ID_26374\]

Due to a number of enhancements, overall performance has increased when developing DataMiner protocols as Visual Studio solutions.

### Fixes

#### Validator: Incorrect 'endless loop' errors would be thrown when actions of type 'run actions' or 'set' were encountered \[ID_26242\]

In some cases, the Validator would throw incorrect "endless loop" errors when it encountered actions of type "run actions" or "set".

#### Broken DLL references in protocol solutions when using community packages \[ID_26326\]

In some cases, DLL imports defined in community packages would not get copied correctly to the generated Class Library QAction in the protocol.

#### Class Library: DataMiner System interface would thrown an exception when parsing elements in a view \[ID_26422\]

In some cases, the DataMiner System interface would throw an IndexOutOfRange exception when parsing elements in a view.

#### Class Library: Incorrectly formatted input string would cause the GetElement method to throw an exception \[ID_26423\]

In some cases, an incorrectly formatted input string would cause the GetElement method to throw an exception.
