---
uid: SRM_alarm_monitoring
---

# Configuring SRM alarm monitoring

<!-- RN 29955 -->

The SRM framework can generate alarms in the following situations:

- A service state transition fails.
- DataMiner cannot initiate the execution of the LSO script.
- DataMiner was not active when the booking was scheduled to start.

> [!NOTE]
> If an alarm is generated by the SRM framework, you can find the Booking Manager responsible for the booking via the Alarm Console: Right-click the alarm, and select *Booking* - *Booking Manager Element '...'*.

To configure SRM alarm monitoring:

1. Create an element using the *Skyline Booking Monitoring* protocol. See [Adding elements](xref:Adding_elements).

   This is the element that will generate the alarm records.

   > [!NOTE]
   > If your system has more than one virtual platform, you will need to add and configure an element for each virtual platform.

1. In the Bookings module, go to the *Config* > *General* page.

1. Set the *Bookings Monitoring Element* parameter to the name of the element you created earlier.

1. Set the *Bookings Monitoring Mode* parameter to one of the following values:

   - *Non-Nominal*: The monitoring element will only show bookings in alarm state.

   - *All Bookings*: The monitoring element will show all bookings.

   > [!NOTE]
   > Depending on your configuration, either all active bookings in alarm state or all active bookings will be listed in a dynamic table.
   >
   > - After a booking ends, the booking record will be kept for the period of time configured with the *Booking Retention Period* parameter in the Skyline Booking Monitoring element.
   > - Bookings that were not executed because DataMiner was not active will be kept in the table. If they are canceled, they will be removed from the table after the configured booking retention period.
