---
uid: EPM_7.0.10_Integrated_DOCSIS
---

# EPM 7.0.10 Integrated DOCSIS - Preview

> [!IMPORTANT]
> We are still working on this release. Release notes may still be modified, added, or moved to a later release. Check back soon for updates!

## New features

#### New dashboard to monitor whether KPI exceeds threshold for specific period [ID 42406]

A new dashboard is now available with the name *US FN Breach Report (OFDMA)* and *US FN Breach Report (SC-QAM)*. It allows you to monitor whether a KPI is higher than a specific threshold for a specific period of time. It makes use a of new ad hoc data source (*EPM_I_DOCSIS_GQI_GET_BREACH_DATA*) that reports the fiber nodes that breached a threshold for a specific number of months in a row. This is checked in weekly increments. This means that if for example a month is selected, the dashboard will check whether for that period of time (i.e., a month), the threshold was breached at least once every week.

#### New SLC-AS-EPM_I_DOCSIS_Cbr8CcapSpectrumConfig script [ID 43805]

A new script, *SLC-AS-EPM_I_DOCSIS_Cbr8CcapSpectrumConfig*, is now available, which replaces the existing script *SLC-AS-EPM_I_DOCSIS_CreateCbr8CcapMeasPoints*. The new script creates and maintains both measurement points and spectrum monitors for each port of all active CISCO CBR-8 CCAP UTSC (Production) elements.

When the script is run, it discovers all active Production elements using the CISCO CBR-8 CCAP UTSC connector, and then executes the following actions for each port:

1. It creates a measurement point.
1. It creates or updates a monitor linked to that point and to a spectrum script.
1. It removes deprecated monitors if the corresponding port no longer exists.

Monitors that are created will be shown under *Spectrum Analyzer* > *Monitors* with names in the format *ElementName_InterfaceName*.

The script has the following input parameters:

- *Measurement Point Script* (required): The script used for each created measurement point.
- *Monitor Interval* (optional): The interval during which the monitor should run. If this is not set, the value from the parameter *Free Run Duration* from the element will be used.

## Changes

### Enhancements

#### Cisco CBR-8 CCAP UTSC: Improved management of FTP settings to prevent data loss [ID 43203]

Up to now, after a reboot or software upgrade of the device , the Cisco CBR-8 CCAP UTSC connector removed FTP settings available in the *PNM Bulk Data Transfer Configuration Table* (SNMP OID: 1.3.6.1.4.1.4491.2.1.27.1.1.3.1). However, these define the destinations for telemetry data generated by the CCAP, including details about the PNM UTSC tests supported by this solution. This means that data could be lost after a reboot or upgrade.

To prevent this, the connector will now store and sync the FTP settings, ensuring they are always backed up and restored by DataMiner. If a reboot or upgrade happens, the settings stored in the UTSC element will automatically be pushed to the CCAP again.

In addition, users will now be able to configure the *PNM Bulk Data Transfer Configuration Table* directly from the CCAP UTSC element.

#### Cisco CBR-8 CCAP Platform: New table with power supply KPIs [ID 43232]

On the *Power Supply* page of the Cisco CBR-8 CCAP Platform connector, a new table with power supply KPIs is now available, named the *FRU Power Status Table*. It displays SNMP data related to the CISCO Entity Field-Replaceable Unit (FRU) Control, including the power supply statuses and metrics.

#### Cisco CBR-8 CCAP UTSC/Generic SFTP Client: Improved spectrum capture process [ID 43237]

Previously, when processing spectrum traces using the connectors Cisco CBR-8 CCAP UTSC and Generic SFTP Client, it could occur that it was not clear when all trace results were processed. To improve this, after a capture is triggered, the element using the Cisco CBR-8 CCAP UTSC connector will now wait for the duration that combines the configured free run duration, the repeat period, and a configurable delay. This will ensure that every capture file is safely written to the local storage on the DataMiner Agent where the spectrum capture was taken.

#### Cisco CBR-8 CCAP UTSC: Improved trace updates [ID 43387]

To ensure that the spectrum trace is updated smoothly, traces are now buffered and then sequentially de-buffered to update the UI.
