---
uid: NuGet_Naming_Conventions
---

# NuGet naming conventions

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This section might include some information that is only applicable to Skyline employees and/or links that are only accessible to Skyline employees.

Below rules are mainly focused for NuGets that are published to nuget.org. It is adviced to use the same rules for internal NuGets as well as that would make it easy transferable to nuget.org when necessary.

## Mandatory rules

- NuGet must have a name that starts with 'Skyline.DataMiner'.
- NuGet must include a license file when published to nuget.org
- NuGet must be signed otherwise this will be blocked by nuget.org
    - When creating the NuGet via [SLC SE Repository Manager](xref:TOOSLCSERepositoryManager), the pipeline will take care of the signing and publishing.
- [Mandatory metadata](#mandatory-metadata)

<br/>

- If there is a dependency on a DataMiner DLL (from the Skyline DataMiner/Files folder), use the corresponding NuGet (Skyline.DataMiner.Files.XXX).
    - If it is not there, contact the [Data-Acquisition](mailto:support.data-acquisition@skyline.be) domain. They can then include this DLL in the automatic NuGet creation from DataMiner versions.
- If there is a dependency on multiple DataMiner DLLs that are default included in a QAction/Exe, then make use of the DevPacks (Skyline.DataMiner.Dev.XXX)

<br/>

- Use the syntax: 'Skyline.DataMiner.\[Categories\].\[Name\]'. Optionally at the end you could have '.Protocol', '.Automation', '.Common', ... to specify on where it can be used (usage of SLManagedScripting, SLManagedAutomation, ...)
    - Skyline.DataMiner.\[Categories\].\[Name\].Common (Shared code that can run either in Script or Protocol. Communicates with DataMiner via SLNet or [DataMinerSystem](https://www.nuget.org/packages?q=Skyline.DataMiner.Core.DataMinerSystem))
    - Skyline.DataMiner.\[Categories\].\[Name\].Automation (Acts as entrypoint for Automation (methods for IEngine) or has a dependency on classes from SLManagedAutomation)
    - Skyline.DataMiner.\[Categories\].\[Name\].Protocol (Acts as entrypoint for Protocol (methods for SLProtocol) or has a dependency on classes from SLManagedScripting)

    - Another situation is the module that it has to do with. An example of this is the CI/CD packages:
        - Skyline.DataMiner.CICD.DMApp.Common (common code for creating a package)
        - Skyline.DataMiner.CICD.DMApp.Automation (specific code to convert an Automation solution to dmapp package)
        - Skyline.DataMiner.CICD.DMApp.XXX (specific code to convert a XXX solution/repository to dmapp package)

## Mandatory metadata (.csproj file)

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
    ...
    <Authors>SkylineCommunications</Authors>
    <Company>Skyline Communications</Company>
    <Descrption>{Short description about the NuGet}</Description>
    <PackageTags>Skyline;DataMiner</PackageTags>
    <PackageProjectUrl>https://skyline.be</PackageProjectUrl>
    <PackageReadmeFile>README.md</PackageReadmeFile>
    ...
</PropertyGroup>
```

- Authors has to be without whitespace.
- PackageTags need to have at least 'Skyline' and 'DataMiner'. Extra tags can be added in wanted.
- Always include a readme file to explain how to use the NuGet.

When creating NuGets via the [SLC SE Repository Manager](xref:TOOSLCSERepositoryManager), the pipeline will automatically add the default license and icon file. If a different license or icon needs to be used then this can be specified in the metadata.

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
    ...
    <PackageLicenseFile>LICENSE.txt</PackageLicenseFile>
    <PackageRequireLicenseAcceptance>True</PackageRequireLicenseAcceptance>
    <PackageIcon>Icon.png</PackageIcon>
    ...
</PropertyGroup>
```

## Restricted names

- Skyline.DataMiner.Files.XXX (DataMiner DLLs - Autogenerated by tool from Data-Acquisition domain)
- Skyline.DataMiner.Dev.XXX (DevPacks - Autogenerated by tool from Data-Acquisition domain)
- Skyline.DataMiner.CICD.XXX (Managed by Data-Acquisition domain)

## Names to be used

- Skyline.DataMiner.Core.XXX
    - Holds the items that have a direct link to DataMiner (AppPackage creation/installation, DataMinerSystem, ...)
    - DxM will also fall under this. Take in account the have clear error handling in case the DxM is optional and not available.
- Skyline.DataMiner.Utils.XXX
    - Holds all the utilities like helpers, parsers, ...
        - E.g.: SNMP trap parsing, rate calculations, table context menu, ...
